1 :: if we just stay with the same trends of the last 4 years , by the end of the decade the deficit will be $ 635 billion a year , almost 80 percent of our gross domestic product .
0 :: friends and adversaries abroad were asking whether america had lost its nerve .
1 :: he represents a character , a type of citizenship , and a public necessity that must be preserved and afforded every facility for regaining prosperity .
1 :: yet , in speaking of economy , i must in no wise be understood as advocating the false economy which is in the end the worst extravagance .
0 :: our record has produced clear progress in the effort to solve some of the country 's fundamental human and social problems .
1 :: this means that we should require a more thorough system of inspection abroad and a more rigid system of examination at our immigration ports , the former being especially necessary .
0 :: in a modern civilization , all three -- religion , democracy and international good faith -- complement and support each other .
1 :: they live in the foothills of everyday experience , and it is time for all of us to concern ourselves with the way real people live in real life .
1 :: they are useless if they are only visionary ; they are only valuable if they are practical .
1 :: we must continue the recovery and further cut unemployment and inflation .
1 :: they must not prevail .
0 :: indeed , these are the fundamental principles upon which our government was founded , and they are the principles which have been adhered to in the whole development of our business structure , and they are the distillation of the common sense of generations .
0 :: i am gratified by these accomplishments .
1 :: this commission was appointed and has been at work , holding hearings , gathering data , and considering the subject , and it is expected will be able to report by the first of the year , in accordance with the provisions of the law .
1 :: they are tired of the partisanship and the shouting and the pettiness .
1 :: in the stress of modern industrial competition no business firm could succeed if those responsible for its management were chosen simply on the ground that they were the oldest people in its employment ; yet this is the course advocated as regards the army , and required by law for all grades except those of general officer .
1 :: the report signals the growing consensus that the nation 's health strategy must be refocused in the 1980 's to emphasize the prevention of disease .
0 :: but then the quiet voices became a loud chorus , as thousands of citizens now spoke out together , from cities small and large , all across our country .
1 :: the south especially is manifesting its interest in this movement .
1 :: even if we assume a surprise attack on our bases , with a marked reduction in our striking power , our bombers would immediately be on their way in sufficient strength to accomplish this mission of retaliation .
1 :: tax reduction as a result of economy of administration by the executive and of appropriation by the congress , the end of this fiscal year will leave a surplus in the treasury estimated at $ 383,000,000 .
0 :: this result has been brought about by canadian and some other sealing vessels killing the female seals while in the water during their annual pilgrimage to and from the south , or in search of food .
1 :: to accomplish this , means of course a certain increase in the use of -- not the creation of -- power , by the central government .
0 :: national elections nothing is so fundamental to the integrity of a republican form of government as honesty in all that relates to the conduct of elections .
0 :: our financial favors are widespread .
1 :: the philippines should be knit closer to us by tariff arrangements .
0 :: since that time the army has tried to raise the additional 10,000 .
1 :: we will always honor their memory .
1 :: with each passing year , fewer workers are paying ever- higher benefits to an ever-larger number of retirees .
0 :: our whole moral position , our leadership in the free world today , is fortified by that fact .
0 :: taxation the purpose of reducing expenditures is to secure a reduction in taxes .
0 :: we can well say that our men on the fighting fronts have already proved that americans today are just as rugged and just as tough as any of the heroes whose exploits we celebrate on the fourth of july .
1 :: a return to the american values of fair play and shared responsibility will help us protect our people and our economy .
0 :: i do not suggest that every farm family has the capacity to earn a satisfactory living on its own farm .
1 :: above all , gunnery practice should be unceasing .
1 :: be it remembered , furthermore , that the individuals who , whether from folly , from evil temper , from greed for office , or in a spirit of mere base demagogy , indulge in the inflammatory and incendiary speeches and writings which tend to arouse mobs and to bring about lynching , not only thus excite the mob , but also tend by what criminologists call `` suggestion , '' greatly to increase the likelihood of a repetition of the very crime against which they are inveighing .
1 :: as the economy continues to gain strength and as our unemployment rates continue to fall , revenues will grow .
1 :: we have made a beginning in forest preservation , but it is only a beginning .
0 :: the productivity , the adaptability of the american economy is the solid foundation-stone of our security structure .
1 :: we ask now , not how can we achieve abundance ? -- but how shall we use our abundance ?
1 :: in the matter of the claim of john celestine landreau against the government of peru , which claim arises out of certain contracts and transactions in connection with the discovery and exploitation of guano , and which has been under discussion between the two governments since 1874 , i am glad to report that as the result of prolonged negotiations , which have been characterized by the utmost friendliness and good will on both sides , the department of state has succeeded in securing the consent of peru to the arbitration of the claim , and that the negotiations attending the drafting and signature of a protocol submitting the claim to an arbitral tribunal are proceeding with due celerity .
1 :: in other words , it is really a guaranty of the commercial independence of the americas .
0 :: now , some of those i met with were a little surprised that i did n't apologize for america 's wealth .
0 :: but let 's have no illusions .
0 :: for example , the kinds of tax measures we have at different times -- whether we raise our revenue in a way to encourage consumer spending and business investment or to discourage it -- have a vital bearing on this question .
1 :: and if we will work together this year , i believe we can give a future president and a future congress the chance to make that prosperity , that peace , that freedom not just the state of our union but the state of our world .
0 :: on the whole there is no body of public servants who do as valuable work , nor whose moneyed reward is so inadequate compared to their work .
1 :: americans can have confidence in the outcome of this struggle , because we are not in this struggle alone .
0 :: i spoke of the rulers of the exchanges of mankind 's goods , who failed through their own stubbornness and their own incompetence .
1 :: we have more at stake than any one else in avoiding a repetition of that calamity .
0 :: after all , innovation is what america has always been about .
1 :: if the soviet union continues to negotiate in good faith , a responsible salt agreement will be reached .
1 :: expiration of the food and agriculture act of 1977 later this year will require early attention by the congress .
1 :: the time for small thinking is over .
1 :: it seems to me a clear dictate of prudent statesmanship and frank finance that in what we are now , i hope , about to undertake we should pay as we go .
1 :: i hope it will be continued and expanded .
0 :: after a thorough examination of the conventions and of the several contextual documents , the secretary of state reached the conclusion that no such monopoly was intended or accomplished .
1 :: after 2 years of debate , it 's time for us to get together and enact a port modernization bill .
1 :: i agree , which is why this freeze will not take effect until next year , when the economy is stronger .
1 :: our tremendous strength has brought with it tremendous responsibilities .
1 :: they want to overthrow moderate governments and establish safe havens from which to plan and carry out new attacks on our country .
1 :: our efforts to reach agreements on peace settlements for these countries have so far been blocked .
1 :: the lands involved in this program can contribute fully to the national welfare only when brought into the national forest system for protection and development .
0 :: south korean homes now have greater internet access than we do .
0 :: heavy purchases by the banks were necessary to provide adequate funds to finance war expenditures .
1 :: unless the congress shall appropriate before that time all work must cease .
1 :: send away the handwringers and the doubting thomases .
1 :: evil will surely come in the end to both races if we substitute for this just rule the habit of treating all the members of the race , good and bad , alike .
1 :: salt ii does not rely on trust ; it will be verifiable .
1 :: this means that the government must adapt its plans and policies to meet changing circumstances .
1 :: if it prove impossible to ratify the pending treaties , and if there seem to be no warrant for the endeavor to execute others , or to amend the pending treaties so that they can be ratified , then the same end -- to secure reciprocity -- should be met by direct legislation .
1 :: no representative of any self-governed nation will dare disregard it by attempting any such covenants of selfishness and compromise as were entered into at the congress of vienna .
1 :: price fixing and subsidy will both increase the surplus , instead of diminishing it .
1 :: the federal government will need to develop more innovative and practical ways for neighborhood based organizations to successfully participate in the identification and solution of local and neighborhood concerns .
1 :: this government would be glad to see an international consideration of the subject which shall discriminate between such cases and the simple nonperformance of a contract with a private person , and a resolution in favor of reliance upon peaceful means in cases of the latter class .
0 :: you can all be proud of that , because turning a sea of red ink into black is no miracle .
1 :: global change and american leadership to realize the full possibilities of the new economy , we must reach beyond our own borders , to shape the revolution that is tearing down barriers and building new networks among nations and individuals , economies and cultures : globalization .
0 :: that 's what helped make possible things like computer chips and gps .
0 :: irrigation of arid lands for many years the federal government has been committed to the wise policy of reclamation and irrigation .
1 :: let 's also remember that hundreds of thousands of talented , hardworking students in this country face another challenge : the fact that they are n't yet american citizens .
1 :: it is doubtful if the peak of expenditures will be reached even under present legislation for sonic time yet to come .
0 :: the total includes net outlays of government corporations .
1 :: we must continue to support and strengthen the united nations .
0 :: nevertheless , while a strain is not a fracture , it is clear that the forces of diversity are at work inside the communist camp , despite all the iron disciplines of regimentation and all the iron dogmatisms of ideology .
1 :: it prohibits financial transactions with these groups .
1 :: and fifth , we must use the decade of the 1980 's to attack the basic structural weaknesses and problems in our economy through measures to increase productivity , savings , and investment .
1 :: complete reports of what is required will undoubtedly be available early in the session .
1 :: the amount of the awards ought , as a matter of good faith on the part of the government , to be paid .
0 :: had it not been for the exercise by the united states of the police power in her interest , her connection with the isthmus would have been sundered long ago .
1 :: real reform means establishing a responsible pathway to earned citizenship -- a path that includes passing a background check , paying taxes and a meaningful penalty , learning english , and going to the back of the line behind the folks trying to come here legally .
0 :: our children come first , and that 's why i established a bipartisan national commission on excellence in education , to help us chart a commonsense course for better education .
1 :: i now want to talk about the strength we need to win a different kind of war -- one that has already been launched against us .
0 :: the money is there .
1 :: preschool education -- head start -- is already here to stay and , i think , so are the federal programs that tonight are keeping more than a million and a half of the cream of our young people in the colleges and the universities of this country .
1 :: every year , fewer and fewer americans even get to choose their doctors .
1 :: i earnestly recommend the appropriation at this session of such a sum as will enable the united states to construct a suitable building , install a governmental exhibit , and otherwise participate in the panama-pacific international exposition in a manner commensurate with the dignity of a nation whose guests are to be the people of the world .
1 :: and our task is not helped by stubborn partisanship , however understandable on the part of opposed internal factions .
0 :: it is of the highest importance that employer and employee alike should endeavor to appreciate each the viewpoint of the other and the sure disaster that will come upon both in the long run if either grows to take as habitual an attitude of sour hostility and distrust toward the other .
0 :: if a nation shows that it knows how to act with reasonable efficiency and decency in social and political matters , if it keeps order and pays its obligations , it need fear no interference from the united states .
1 :: and they 've already begun the building , the research , the work , and the giving that will make our country great again .
0 :: on the other side of the world , a method of international cooperation has recently been agreed upon for the treatment of japan .
0 :: but it is not the physical scale and executive efficiency of preparation , supply , equipment and despatch that i would dwell upon , but the mettle and quality of the officers and men we sent over and of the sailors who kept the seas , and the spirit of the nation that stood behind them .
1 :: now let 's turn to the future .
0 :: in a period of gross inflation they would be the worst sufferers .
1 :: finally , as we better train our workers , we need the new economy to keep churning out high-wage jobs for our workers to fill .
0 :: we have undertaken new methods .
1 :: but let us also agree that our good will must be dedicated to great goals .
0 :: the connection between idleness and mischief is proverbial , and the opportunity to do remunerative work is one of the surest preventatives of war .
1 :: this administration is nearing its end ; and , moreover , under our form of government the solution of the problem depends upon the action of the states as much as upon the action of the nation .
0 :: housing for the past 14 months , high interest rates have had a severe impact on the nation 's housing market .
0 :: free people are not drawn to violent and malignant ideologies , and most will choose a better way when they are given a chance .
1 :: i am certain that the congress would not pass and i should not feel warranted in approving legislation which would involve us in that financial disgrace .
1 :: such a study would update and supplement , in the light of continuous changes in our society and its economy , the monumental work of the committee on recent social trends which was appointed in 1931 by president hoover .
1 :: it will create jobs .
0 :: we are encountering serious difficulties in maintaining our forces at even these reduced levels .
1 :: the state department has requested the canadian government to negotiate treaties necessary to provide for this improvement .
1 :: i can not tell you when or where the united nations are going to strike next in europe .
1 :: i urge the senate to ratify it -- now .
0 :: now , even with better high schools , most young people will need some higher education .
1 :: price decontrol for oil and gas is proceeding .
1 :: but i 'll tell you something , if you 'll give me the line-item veto , i 'll remove some of that unnecessary spending .
1 :: we have made only the first beginnings in this field , but in the perspective of history they may loom larger than the first airplane , or even the first tools that started man on the road to civilization .
1 :: in all legislation of this kind it is well to advance cautiously , testing each step by the actual results ; the step proposed can surely be safely taken , for the decisions of the commission would not bind the parties in legal fashion , and yet would give a chance for public opinion to crystallize and thus to exert its full force for the right .
1 :: his standard of living should be such that he will not , by pressure of competition , lower the standard of living of our own wage-workers ; for it must ever be a prime object of our legislation to keep high their standard of living .
0 :: we are resolute and resourceful .
1 :: the people of alaska should be given the full territorial form of government , and alaska , as a storehouse , should be unlocked .
1 :: as i have before indicated , i shall direct that our signature be affixed to the protocol of adherence and shall submit it for the approval of the senate with a special message at some time when it is convenient to deal with it .
0 :: these conditions prevail today .
1 :: we have a responsibility to make them welcome here , and they have a responsibility to enter the mainstream of american life .
1 :: we 've increased annually our real commitment for defense , and we will sustain this increase of effort throughout the five year defense program .
1 :: to compose the contending parties , i sent there col. henry l. stimson , former secretary of war and now governor general of the philippine islands , who secured an agreement that warfare should cease , a national election should be held and peace should be restored .
1 :: my budget will improve our environment by accelerating the cleanup of toxic brownfields .
1 :: as i said in my message of december 6 last , the immediate and most pressing need , so far as legislation is concerned , is the enactment into law of some scheme to secure to the agents of the government such supervision and regulation of the rates charged by the railroads of the country engaged in interstate traffic as shall summarily and effectively prevent the imposition of unjust or unreasonable rates .
1 :: franklin roosevelt told us 50 years ago this month : `` civilization can not go back ; civilization must not stand still .
0 :: to the congress : this nation in the past two years has become an active partner in the world 's greatest war against human slavery .
1 :: a greater insistence upon justice to american citizens or interests wherever it may have been denied and a stronger emphasis of the need of mutuality in commercial and other relations have only served to strengthen our friendships with foreign countries by placing those friendships upon a firm foundation of realities as well as aspirations .
1 :: we should get out of the way and let them do what they can do better .
1 :: three-quarters would go to individuals and one-quarter to promote business investment .
1 :: after the war we must maintain full employment with government performing its peacetime functions .
1 :: these trade conferences are regarded as a particularly promising method of governmental aid in foreign trade promotion .
0 :: by law our army is fixed at a maximum of one hundred thousand and a minimum of sixty thousand men .
0 :: so , today , the transition to a peacetime economy is largely behind us .
0 :: many others have met a different fate .
1 :: if we can show that this nation is able and willing to help other nations meet the common challenge , it can demonstrate that the united states will fulfill its responsibilities as a leader among nations .
1 :: the act should be amended .
1 :: if each congress in its opening session would make appropriations to continue for two years , very much time would be saved which could either be devoted to a consideration of the general needs of the country or would result in decreasing the work of legislation .
1 :: but it easily could and it should be still $ 30 billion higher today than it is .
1 :: they are laboring under terrific handicaps -- poverty , ill health , feudal systems of land ownership , and the threat of internal subversion or external attack .
0 :: i have visited many bases at home and around the world since i became president .
1 :: we still need to make sure employees get the overtime they 've earned .
0 :: active work in canal construction , mainly preparatory , has been in progress for less than a year and a half .
0 :: we have relieved their pitiable destitution with an enormous charity .
0 :: it has provided for the expediting of suits for the enforcement of the federal anti-trust law ; and by another law it has secured equal treatment to all producers in the transportation of their goods , thus taking a long stride forward in making effective the work of the interstate commerce commission .
1 :: that way , we put money back into those communities and put tens of thousands of americans to work building a 21st century transportation system .
1 :: the district of columbia should be the model of city law enforcement in the nation .
1 :: to support this historic undertaking , i am proposing -- under the authority contained in the bills of the last session of the congress -- a special long-term alliance for progress fund of $ 3 billion .
1 :: for the sake of job growth , the tax cuts you passed should be permanent .
1 :: to reduce the threat posed by abandoned hazardous waste dumps , epa will spend $ 410 million .
1 :: we can do this .
0 :: it contains a provision requiring the levy of an additional 50 per cent to the annual tax in cases of neglect to verify the prescribed return or to file it before the time required by law .
0 :: in two months , june and july , 1943 , more than a thousand airplanes that could have been made and should have been made were not made .
0 :: the result is that money is kept in hiding and unemployed .
1 :: there are it full score of topics concerning which it would be becoming to address you , and on which i hope to make report at a later time .
1 :: the detailed budget that we will submit will meet the gramm-rudman-hollings target for deficit reductions , meet our commitment to ensure a strong national defense , meet our commitment to protect social security and the truly less fortunate , and , yes , meet our commitment to not raise taxes .
1 :: to strengthen the work of congress i strongly urge an amendment to provide a 4-year term for members of the house of representatives -- which should not begin before 1972 .
1 :: in a special message to congress on january 7 , 1910 , i ventured to point out the disturbance to business that would probably attend the dissolution of these offending trusts .
1 :: to help those least fortunate of all , i am recommending a new public welfare program , stressing services instead of support , rehabilitation instead of relief , and training for useful work instead of prolonged dependency .
0 :: dr. zarfos , thank you .
0 :: with us tonight , representing many american families , are steven and josefina ramos .
1 :: there must always be as a minimum a tariff which will not only allow for the collection of an ample revenue but which will at least make good the difference in cost of production here and abroad ; that is , the difference in the labor cost here and abroad , for the well-being of the wage-worker must ever be a cardinal point of american policy .
0 :: that is what harry truman did in the years after the second world war , when we helped europe and japan rebuild themselves and secured an international order that has protected freedom from aggression .
0 :: so together we have tried to meet the needs of our people .
0 :: it can not be sound for all of the people to hire some of the people to produce a crop which neither the producers nor the rest of the people want .
1 :: it would be difficult now to administer the affairs of the navy without the expert counsel and advice of these aids , and i renew the recommendation which i made last year , that the aids be recognized by statute .
1 :: i believe that that policy carries out our fundamental objectives .
0 :: in meeting others , it knew turbulence and doubt , and fear and hate .
1 :: there are too many imponderables for anyone to predict deficits or surpluses several years ahead with any degree of accuracy .
0 :: unless an officer has a good physique , unless he can stand hardship , ride well , and walk fairly , he is not fit for any position , even after he has become a colonel .
1 :: fixing social security permanently will require an open , candid review of the options .
1 :: economic growth provides jobs and hope .
0 :: prominent officers of the engineer corps have recently even gone so far as to assert in print that waterways are not dependent upon the conservation of the forests about their headwaters .
0 :: in dealing with the questions of immigration and naturalization it is indispensable to keep certain facts ever before the minds of those who share in enacting the laws .
0 :: it has been urged here , and proposals for a commission to undertake it have , from time to time , been pressed upon the congress .
0 :: the value of our imports for the last fiscal year was $ 4,466,000,000 , an increase of more than 71 per cent since the present tariff law went into effect .
1 :: this education of the farmer -- self-education by preference but also education from the outside , as with all other men -- is peculiarly necessary here in the united states , where the frontier conditions even in the newest states have now nearly vanished , where there must be a substitution of a more intensive system of cultivation for the old wasteful farm management , and where there must be a better business organization among the farmers themselves .
1 :: despite this record of achievement , as we turn to the year ahead we hear once again the familiar voice of the perennial prophets of gloom telling us now that because of the need to fight inflation , because of the energy shortage , america may be headed for a recession .
0 :: that the army is not at all a mere instrument of destruction has been shown during the last three years .
1 :: we were sent here to serve our citizens , not our ambitions .
1 :: to correct anticipated short-term strains on the system , i proposed last year that the three funds be allowed to borrow from one another , and i urge the congress again this year to adopt such interfund borrowing .
1 :: so we have a huge opportunity , at this moment , to bring manufacturing back .
1 :: let me again urge that the congress provide for a thorough investigation of the conditions of child labor and of the labor of women in the united states .
0 :: ryan laid down his life for his friends , for his country and for our freedom .
0 :: the superficial fact that the sharing may be unequal must never blind us to the underlying fact that there is this sharing , and that the benefit comes in some degree to each man concerned .
0 :: what have these steps been ?
1 :: we believe that all peoples who are prepared for self-government should be permitted to choose their own form of government by their own freely expressed choice , without interference from any foreign source .
0 :: that is not the source of concern .
1 :: aliens lawfully in the country should be protected by the issuance of a certificate of residence .
0 :: no man can take part in the torture of a human being without having his own moral nature permanently lowered .
0 :: national defense being a nation relying not on force , but on fair dealing and good will , to maintain peace with others , we have provided a moderate military force in a form adapted solely to defense .
0 :: mandating every american to buy government-approved health insurance was never the right solution for our country .
1 :: while , consolidations can and should be made under the present law until it is changed , vet the provisions of the act of 1920 have not been found fully adequate to meet the needs of other methods of consolidation .
0 :: the negotiations were conducted on both sides in a spirit of mutual accommodation .
1 :: we are increasing inspections to prevent the hiring of illegal immigrants .
0 :: last january , and again last september , i recommended fiscal and moderate tax measures to try to restrain the unbalanced pace of economic expansion .
1 :: it is most important that we should maintain the high level of our present prosperity .
1 :: i will very soon forward all of my recommendations to the congress .
0 :: the enforcement of the laws enacted to give effect to the eighteenth amendment is far from satisfactory and this is in part due to the inadequate organization of the administrative agencies of the federal government .
1 :: because i will not allow terrorists to plot against the american people from safe havens half a world away .
0 :: these groups are working in every neighborhood in america , to fight homelessness and addiction and domestic violence , to provide a hot meal or a mentor or a safe haven for our children .
1 :: we need multiyear procurement and 2-year budgeting .
1 :: after years of talking about it , we are finally poised to control our own energy future .
0 :: it embraces our churches and synagogues , our youth groups and our schools .
1 :: we do not guarantee any state against punishment if it misconducts itself , provided that punishment does not take the form of the acquisition of territory by any non-american power .
1 :: let action be positive and not negative .
0 :: with our understanding support , egypt and britain , yugoslavia and italy , britain and iran have resolved dangerous differences .
1 :: in any serious war in the past it has always been necessary , and in such a war in the future it doubtless will be necessary , for the nation to depend , in addition to the regular army and the national guard , upon a large force of volunteers .
1 :: our adversary still believes , i think , tonight , that he can go on fighting longer than we can , and longer than we and our allies will be prepared to stand up and resist .
0 :: for the first time we have moved upon deep-seated problems affecting our national strength and have forged national instruments adequate to meet them .
1 :: they need support as well .
0 :: no department of the government , however , has more emphatically vindicated its usefulness , and none save the post-office department comes so continually and intimately into touch with the people .
0 :: god bless you , and god bless america .
1 :: i earnestly commend to the attention of the congress this matter , so that some way may be devised which will limit the abuse of injunctions and protect those rights which from time to time it unwarrantably invades .
0 :: talk to the single teacher raising two kids who was told by her principal in the last week of school that because of the recovery act , she would n't be laid off after all .
0 :: let me repeat : we cut taxes .
1 :: they encourage prosperity in order that poverty may be banished from the home .
0 :: let us do now what so many states do to hold down spending and what 32 state legislatures have asked us to do .
0 :: and they have never quit .
1 :: this situation demands careful thought , steady nerves , and resolute action , not only for this year but for many years to come .
1 :: beginning with the supreme court , the judges should have their salaries doubled .
0 :: it is not merely unwise , it is contemptible , for a nation , as for an individual , to use high-sounding language to proclaim its purposes , or to take positions which are ridiculous if unsupported by potential force , and then to refuse to provide this force .
1 :: at the last session this congress laid the basis for this joint effort .
1 :: we must strike a reasonable compromise on environmental concerns with coal .
0 :: we have not remade paradise on earth .
1 :: our experience will enable us during the coming year to improve the necessary mechanisms of wartime economic controls , and to simplify administrative procedures .
0 :: we are a great nation -- spiritually , politically , militarily , diplomatically , and economically .
1 :: such a national plan will , in a generation or two , return many times the money spent on it ; more important , it will eliminate the use of inefficient tools , conserve and increase natural resources , prevent waste , and enable millions of our people to take better advantage of the opportunities which god has given our country .
0 :: in less than 3 years , that nation has gone from dictatorship , to liberation , to sovereignty , to a constitution , to national elections .
1 :: the first and prime concern is and will remain the security of our country .
1 :: the time has now come for a fundamentally different approach for a new realism that is true to the great principles upon which this nation was founded .
0 :: inquiry into the condition of the mississippi and its principal tributaries reveals very many instances of the utter waste caused by the methods which have hitherto obtained for the so-called `` improvement '' of navigation .
1 :: the outcome of this debate is important , and so is the way we conduct it .
1 :: helping hard-working families make ends meet , giving them the tools they need for good-paying jobs in this new economy , maintaining the conditions of growth and competitivenessthis is where america needs to go .
1 :: and we must show them and all our people that we are equal to the task before us .
0 :: i began tonight speaking about the changes we 've seen this past year .
1 :: and that , together , they could light up the world .
0 :: our generosity was such as to make it a serious question whether we had not gone too far in their interest at the expense of our own ; for in our scrupulous desire to pay all possible heed , not merely to the real but even to the fancied rights of our weaker neighbor , who already owed so much to our protection and forbearance , we yielded in all possible ways to her desires in drawing up the treaty .
1 :: this fact has led to the grazing homestead of 640 acres in nebraska and to the proposed extension of it to other states .
0 :: the concept of a trained and dedicated government career service has been strengthened by the provision of life and health insurance benefits , a vastly improved retirement system , a new merit promotion program , and the first effective incentive awards program .
1 :: a subcommittee of the committees on agriculture should investigate this field and negotiate with prospective purchasers .
1 :: the question whether the use of american ports as foci of revolutionary intrigue can be best dealt with by a further amendment to the neutrality statutes or whether it would be safer to deal with special cases by special laws is one worthy of the careful consideration of the congress .
0 :: we know there 's not a program for every problem .
1 :: i am confident that the newest arrivals to our country will carry on this tradition .
0 :: this agreement will be effective only if it includes commitments by every major economy and gives none a free ride .
1 :: we also must be ready for the 21st century from its very first moment by solving the so-called y2k computer problem .
0 :: and to ronald reagan , whom we wish well tonight , and who exhorted us to carry on until the twilight struggle against communism was won .
0 :: in man 's long , upward march from savagery and slavery -- throughout the nearly 2,000 years of the christian calendar , the nearly 6,000 years of jewish reckoning -- there have been many deep , terrifying valleys , but also many bright and towering peaks .
0 :: in response , the president established the kemeny commission to review the accident and make recommendations .
1 :: we could scarcely afford to be the only nation that refuses the relief which austria seeks .
1 :: i challenge american businesses to give people on welfare the chance to move into the work force .
1 :: since the industrial changes which have so enormously increased the productive power of mankind , they are no longer sufficient .
1 :: and for the millions of other americans who have no health insurance at all , this deduction would help put a basic private health insurance plan within their reach .
0 :: as one of our nation 's most outstanding leaders , it is appropriate that his birthday be commemorated as a national holiday .
1 :: it is the intent of this administration to move ahead with exploration , leasing , and production on those frontier areas of the outer continental shelf where the environmental risks are acceptable .
1 :: we will reward the work of millions of working poor americans by realizing the principle that if you work 40 hours a week and you 've got a child in the house , you will no longer be in poverty .
1 :: we ought to help them in the same way if their factory closes .
0 :: that may not be popular with either party , but it happens to be the truth .
1 :: in working out this problem to any sound conclusion it is necessary to avoid putting the government into the business of production or marketing or attempting to enact legislation for the purpose of price fixing .
0 :: but that 's only a little more than half of what we sought .
1 :: we can see forward only dimly -- 1 year , 5 years , a generation perhaps .
0 :: it has been said that our best years are behind us .
1 :: tonight , i come before this house , and the american people , with an appeal for renewal .
0 :: such officer or employe owes the duty to the united states to guard carefully and not to divulge or in any manner use , prematurely , information which is accessible to the officer or employe by reason of his official position .
1 :: but we must find some place to begin .
0 :: in europe combined defense has become a reality .
0 :: that 's great .
1 :: they will furnish a satisfactory substitute , based on sound principle and actual successful trial in nearly all the countries of the world , for the system of government guaranty of deposits now being adopted in several western states , which with deference to those who advocate it seems to me to have in it the seeds of demoralization to conservative banking and certain financial disaster .
0 :: in the recent national election there was no substantial difference between the two great parties in respect to that national policy .
0 :: economic situation during the past 12 months we have suffered with other nations from economic depression .
1 :: the deficit problem is a clear and present danger to the basic health of our republic .
0 :: in addition adjusted service certificates have been issued to 3,433,300 veterans .
0 :: at the start of 2006 , more than half the people of our world live in democratic nations .
1 :: the nation should not ask for a reduction in allowances to men and dependents whose disabilities rise out of war service nor to those veterans with substantial service who have become totally disabled from non-war-connected causes and who are at the same time without other support .
1 :: fiscal restraint must be continued in the years ahead .
1 :: those messages will contain many recommendations .
1 :: the memory of those days of triumphant battle will go with these fortunate men to their graves ; and each will have his favorite memory .
1 :: we still have much to do .
0 :: and i know this about the american people : we welcome competition .
0 :: no more startling contrast to a system of sullen satellites could be imagined .
0 :: as we look around the country , many of our shortcomings stand out in bold relief .
1 :: we must achieve a more rigorous administration of our development assistance , with larger roles for private investors , for other industrialized nations , and for international agencies and for the recipient nations themselves .
1 :: and tonight , i 'd like to talk about how together , we can deliver on that promise .
1 :: i also renew my recommendation that the congress pass a law regulating cold storage as it is regulated , for example , by the laws of the state of new jersey , which limit the time during which goods may be kept in storage , prescribe the method of disposing of them if kept beyond the permitted period , and require that goods released from storage shall in all cases bear the date of their receipt .
0 :: to increase taxation for purposes of construction work defeats its own purpose , as such taxes directly diminish employment in private industry .
1 :: legislation should be enacted at the present session of the congress for the thirteenth census .
0 :: the only efficient use for the navy is for offense .
1 :: this reduction of 86 million dollars is in large part accounted for by elimination of the wartime flax production incentive project and other nonrecurring items ; the proposed reduction in normal activities is less than 33 million dollars .
1 :: and millions of american workers -- whose jobs depend on the sale or the transportation or the distribution of exports or imports , or whose jobs will be endangered by the movement of our capital to europe , or whose jobs can be maintained only in an expanding economy -- these millions of workers in your home states and mine will see their real interests sacrificed .
1 :: we created the regulatory analysis review group in the white house to analyze the most costly proposed new rules and find ways to improve them .
1 :: if all of the republics to the south of us will only grow as those to which i allude have already grown , all need for us to be the especial champions of the doctrine will disappear , for no stable and growing american republic wishes to see some great non-american military power acquire territory in its neighborhood .
1 :: we will understand the importance of this best if we look back into history .
1 :: but one-third of the deficit is due to the necessary tax cuts that i 've proposed .
1 :: private investment , over half of it by railways , may approach 1,150 million dollars .
1 :: when budget savings and sound governmental financing are assured , tax burdens should be reduced so that taxpayers may spend their own money in their own way .
0 :: this is probably temporary , but it is none the less acute .
1 :: no one point of our policy , foreign or domestic , is more important than this to the honor and material welfare , and above all to the peace , of our nation in the future .
1 :: it is urgent that the banks be supported so as to stabilize the market values of their bonds and thus secure capital for the farmers at low rates , that they may continue their services to agriculture and that they may meet the present situation with consideration to the farmers .
1 :: the expenditure of public money for the performance of such necessary functions of government is certainly warranted , nor is it necessary to dwell upon the incidental benefits to our foreign commerce , to the shipbuilding industry , and to ship owning and navigation which will accompany the discharge of these urgent public duties , though they , too , should have weight .
1 :: syria still allows its territory and parts of lebanon to be used by terrorists who seek to destroy every chance of peace in the region .
1 :: we can press on with economic growth and reforms in education and medicare , or we can turn back to old policies and old divisions .
0 :: this year , the first of about 78 million baby boomers turn 60 , including two of my dad 's favorite people , me and president clinton .
1 :: last week , the supreme court reversed a century of law to open the floodgates for special interests including foreign corporations to spend without limit in our elections .
0 :: japan 's scheme of conquest goes back half a century .
0 :: international commission of jurists in pursuance of the convention of august 23 , 1906 , signed at the third pan american conference , held at rio de janeiro , the international commission of jurists met at that capital during the month of last june .
1 :: it seems to me that it might be the part of wisdom , therefore , before further legislation in this field is attempted , to look at the whole problem of coordination and efficiency in the full light of a fresh assessment of circumstance and opinion , as a guide to dealing with the several parts of it .
0 :: inflation has driven up home prices , operating costs and interest rates .
0 :: farmers ' savings are the largest in history .
1 :: this year i will be asking congress for the means to do what must be done for that great and good cause .
1 :: i therefore suggest that an inquiry be directed especially to the effect of the workings of the antitrust laws in these particular fields to determine if these evils can be remedied without sacrifice of the fundamental purpose of these laws .
1 :: we shall continue our efforts for world economic recovery , because world prosperity is the only sure foundation of a permanent peace .
1 :: i particularly direct your attention to the very practical plans which the secretary of the interior has developed in his annual report and before your committees for the reclamation of arid , swamp , and cutover lands which might , if the states were willing and able to cooperate , redeem some three hundred million acres of land for cultivation .
1 :: the harbor of san juan in porto rico should be dredged and improved .
1 :: by special message on january 24 , i shall propose a coordinated program to strengthen and improve existing health services .
0 :: i infer from your dispatch that both parties attempt to heed the warning , but that in the strain and exigency of the contest wild bullets still find their way into douglas .
1 :: i will , therefore , submit to the congress a new comprehensive farm program -- tailored to fit the use of our land and the supplies of each crop to the long-range needs of the sixties -- and designed to prevent chaos in the sixties with a program of common sense .
0 :: as a people , we are achieving ever higher standards of living -- earning more , producing more , consuming more , building more and investing more than ever before .
1 :: we appointed the national crime commission to study crime in america and to recommend the best ways to carry that attack forward .
0 :: america and afghanistan are now allies against terror .
1 :: we are fighting today for security , for progress , and for peace , not only for ourselves but for all men , not only for one generation but for all generations .
1 :: in washington to-day are met the delegates of the central american nations , gathered at the table of international understanding , to stabilize their republics and remove every vestige of disagreement .
1 :: these are steps in the continuing effort to eliminate inter-racial difficulty .
0 :: in addition , reported cases of measles and mumps are at their lowest levels ever .
1 :: if it prove impracticable to enact a law for the encouragement of shipping generally , then at least provision should be made for better communication with south america , notably for fast mail lines to the chief south american ports .
0 :: democrats and republicans have supported it before .
1 :: these laws have been , are being , and will be , thoroughly enforced .
0 :: many businesses have shuttered .
0 :: so all of us , not just as parents , but all of us in our other roles -- our media , our schools , our teachers , our communities , our churches and synagogues , our businesses , our governments -- all of us have a responsibility to help our children to make it and to make the most of their lives and their god-given capacities .
1 :: abroad , there is the continuing communist threat to the freedom of berlin , an explosive situation in laos , the problems caused by communist penetration of cuba , as well as the many problems connected with the development of the new nations in africa .
0 :: with courage -- and a tie-breaking vote by the vice president -- the senate faced down the gun lobby , stood up for the american people , and passed this legislation .
0 :: for too long our culture has said , `` if it feels good , do it . ''
1 :: indeed , no laws , no initiatives , no administrative acts will perfectly solve all the challenges i 've outlined tonight .
1 :: this is the first state of the union carried live in video over the internet , but we 've only begun to spread the benefits of a technology revolution that should become the modern birthright of every citizen .
1 :: it is time we made that possibility a reality .
1 :: we need less bureaucracy .
0 :: education and science have made further advances .
1 :: by the year 2000 almost 20 percent of our income will be in health care .
1 :: we will ask the congress to help carry out those parts of the program which require legislation .
0 :: as a people , we had too many visions -- and too little vision .
0 :: so let me start the discussion of government spending by setting the record straight .
1 :: this production of ours in the united states must be raised far above present levels , even though it will mean the dislocation of the lives and occupations of millions of our own people .
1 :: we 've got to take the time after a busy day to sit down and read with our kids , help them with their homework , pass along the values we had as children .
0 :: our record is not just the longest peacetime expansion in history but an economic and social revolution of hope based on work , incentives , growth , and opportunity ; a revolution of compassion that led to private sector initiatives and a 77-percent increase in charitable giving ; a revolution that at a critical moment in world history reclaimed and restored the american dream .
1 :: i recommend more adequate provision than has been made heretofore for the work of the department of state .
0 :: i 'm pleased to report we have also met that goal two full years ahead of schedule .
1 :: i also hope before this session is over to transmit to the congress a series of proposals to strengthen the antimonopoly laws , to assist small business , and to encourage the growth of new enterprises .
0 :: one-fifth of our families now have average annual incomes of less than $ 850 .
0 :: i know their are differences among us about the impact and the effects of a capital gains incentive .
1 :: rather , there must be a many-sided assault on the stubborn problems of surpluses , prices , costs , and markets ; and a steady , persistent , imaginative advance in the relationship between farmers and their government .
1 :: time and distance from the events of september the 11th will not make us safer unless we act on its lessons .
1 :: it is made my duty by law , whenever the estimates of expenditure exceed the estimates of revenue , to call the attention of the congress to the fact and suggest any means of meeting the deficiency that it may be wise or possible for me to suggest .
0 :: we have successfully fought against red lining and housing discrimination .
1 :: and i have notified the olympic committee that with soviet invading forces in afghanistan , neither the american people nor i will support sending an olympic team to moscow .
1 :: but your efforts will come to nothing unless it reaches the people .
0 :: since the founding of the commission there has never been a time of equal length in which anything like so many reduced tariffs have been put into effect .
1 :: the rapid growth of our foreign trade makes it of the utmost importance that governmental agencies through which that trade is to be aided and protected should possess a high degree of efficiency .
0 :: no less important than the level of interest rates paid on the debt is the distribution of its ownership .
1 :: these heroic men can never be paid in money for the service they patriotically rendered the nation .
1 :: to ensure that the necessary economic development goes forward , the congress must continue to provide strong support for the udag program and the programs for the economic development administration .
1 :: but of one thing i am sure : something must be done , and done soon .
0 :: our people , moreover , do not wait to be coached and led .
1 :: there should be regulation by the national government of the great interstate corporations , including a simple method of account keeping , publicity , supervision of the issue securities , abolition of rebates , and of special privileges .
1 :: that progress has speeded internal development and has changed world relationships so fast that we must realize the fact of a new era .
1 :: in like fashion from 1815 to 1914 -- ninety-nine years -- no single war in europe or in asia constituted a real threat against our future or against the future of any other american nation .
0 :: this method of action often resulted in badly chosen boundaries and consequent injustice to settlers and others .
0 :: the triumph of democratic ideas in eastern europe and latin america , and the continuing struggle for freedom elsewhere around the world all confirm the wisdom of our nation 's founders .
0 :: but remember this : the overwhelming majority of all preschool child care is now provided by relatives and neighbors and churches and community groups .
1 :: let us so conduct ourselves that two centuries from now , another congress and another president , meeting in this chamber as we are meeting , will speak of us with pride , saying that we met the test and preserved for them in their day the sacred flame of liberty -- this last , best hope of man on earth .
1 :: but where our interests and our values are at stake , and where we can make a difference , america must lead .
1 :: the most serious is the destruction by the rinderpest of more than 75 per cent of the draught cattle , because it will take several years of breeding to restore the necessary number of these indispensable aids to agriculture .
1 :: indeed , the greater part of the task must be performed by individual efforts under our system of free enterprise .
0 :: the sale of hard drugs is tragically on the increase again .
1 :: the communist economic offensive is under way .
1 :: we must continue our program to help our indian citizens improve their lot and make their full contribution to national life .
1 :: we do not wish a region of large estates tilled by cheap labor ; we wish a healthy american community of men who themselves till the farms they own .
1 :: yet we must not delude ourselves that safety necessarily increases as expenditures for military research or forces in being go up .
0 :: now , i must turn to the debit side of the ledger for the past year .
0 :: the insurance companies , which are practically mutual benefit societies -- especially helpful to men of moderate means -- represent accumulations of capital which are among the largest in this country .
0 :: we increased our fighting force to its present strength tonight of 190,000 men .
1 :: beyond 2014 , america 's commitment to a unified and sovereign afghanistan will endure , but the nature of our commitment will change .
1 :: we must maintain a strong and ready military .
1 :: but there should be a comprehensive law enacted with the object of working a threefold improvement over our present system .
0 :: our economy is measured in numbers and statistics .
1 :: taxpayers should n't pay for the cost of lung cancer , emphysema , and other smoking-related illnesses , the tobacco companies should .
1 :: i believe lobby reform and campaign finance reform are a sure path to increased popularity for republicans and democrats alike because it says to the voters back home , `` this is your house .
1 :: the administrator of veterans ' affairs advises that a further appropriation of $ 200,000,000 is required at once to meet the obligations made necessary by existing legislation .
1 :: we are prepositioning more heavy equipment in europe to help us cope with attacks with little warning , and greatly strengthening our airlift and sealift capabilities .
0 :: the maintenance of international peace is a matter in which we are deeply and unselfishly concerned .
1 :: action should be begun forthwith , during the present session of the congress , for the improvement of our inland waterways -- action which will result in giving us not only navigable but navigated rivers .
1 :: to relieve the critical shortage of doctors and dentists -- and this is a matter which should concern us all -- and expand research , i urge action to aid medical and dental colleges and scholarships and to establish new national institutes of health .
1 :: this year , i ask you to make it three in a row .
1 :: it must be done -- and we have undertaken to do it .
0 :: through hot wars and cold , through recession and prosperity , through the ages of the atom and outer space , the american people have never faltered and their faith has never flagged .
0 :: extensive sales of forged certificates of naturalization have been discovered , as well as many cases of naturalization secured by perjury and fraud ; and in addition , instances have accumulated showing that many courts issue certificates of naturalization carelessly and upon insufficient evidence .
1 :: our diplomacy must work every day against the proliferation of nuclear weapons .
1 :: we will not fail them .
1 :: in these days , when we should be making progress in court procedure , such a conformity statute makes the federal method too dependent upon the action of state legislatures .
0 :: that 's right -- eight years .
0 :: he never spoke about himself .
1 :: i take leave to beg that the whole energy and attention of the senate be concentrated upon it till the matter is successfully disposed of .
0 :: we believe that a person should get what he works for -- and that those who can , should work for what they get .
0 :: aided by this humanitarian program , total agricultural exports have grown from $ 2.8 billion in 1953 to an average of about $ 4 billion annually for the past three years .
0 :: the russian people have been poisoned by the very same falsehoods that have kept the german people in the dark , and the poison has been administered by the very same hand .
1 :: i am requesting , therefore , that the congress once again extend the defense production act .
1 :: in this direct connection , i would call your attention to my recommendations on august 8th , pointing out legislative measures which would be effective in controlling and bringing down the present cost of living , which contributes so largely to this unrest .
1 :: to sustain and extend the best that has emerged in america , i invite you to join the new usa freedom corps .
1 :: provision should be made for extending coverage credit to veterans for the period of their service in the armed forces .
1 :: in particular , the federal government must be in a position to assist in the building of new cities and the rebuilding of old ones .
1 :: we will seek early ratification of the treaty to ban chemical weapons worldwide .
0 :: for seven years , we have worked hard to improve our schools , with opportunity and responsibility : investing more , but demanding more in return .
1 :: but far more important , in the long run , is the work americans are doing in india to help the indian farmers themselves raise more grain .
1 :: in yemen , somalia , iraq , and mali , we have to keep working with partners to disrupt and disable these networks .
1 :: it is not intended thereby to prevent the accumulation of large capital in business enterprises in which such a combination can secure reduced cost of production , sale , and distribution .
0 :: this is nearly the amount of the total cost of the national government , exclusive of the post office , before we entered the last war .
1 :: the establishment of the mortgage-discount banks herein referred to will also contribute to further reserve strength in the banks without inflation .
1 :: with the twofold purpose of strengthening the whole financial structure and of arriving eventually at a medium of exchange which over the years will have less variable purchasing and debt paying power for our people than that of the past , i have used the authority granted me to purchase all american-produced gold and silver and to buy additional gold in the world markets .
1 :: beyond the relief feeding period , there will still be substantial foreign outlets for our farm commodities .
1 :: the new administration should continue to work to eliminate transportation bottlenecks that impede our access to foreign markets .
0 :: today , there are 122 .
0 :: the soviets are , in short , waging total cold war .
1 :: we must explore every reasonable prospect for meeting our energy needs when our current domestic reserves of oil and natural gas begin to dwindle in the next decade .
1 :: many centuries would have to pass before soil would again collect , or could be made to collect , in sufficient quantity once more to support the old-time forest growth .
1 :: but from another point of view i believe that it is necessary to say plainly what we here at the seat of action consider the war to be for and what part we mean to play in the settlement of its searching issues .
0 :: this legislation is the right thing for america .
0 :: the new m-x missile program to enhance our land-based intercontinental ballistic missile force continues to make progress .
1 :: in our relations with the world we shall follow the example of andrew jackson who said : `` i intend to ask for nothing that is not clearly right and to submit to nothing that is wrong . ''
1 :: legislation to this end has been recommended by the attorney general and should be enacted .
1 :: we desire peace with all the world , but perhaps most of all with the other peoples of the american continent .
0 :: you know my views on this .
0 :: substantial progress is being made upon the projects of the upper missouri , upper mississippi , etc .
0 :: the united nations weapons inspectors have done a truly remarkable job , finding and destroying more of iraq 's arsenal than was destroyed during the entire gulf war .
1 :: because one of the main sources of our national unity is our belief in equal justice , we need to make sure americans of all races and backgrounds have confidence in the system that provides justice .
0 :: last august the united nations general assembly , by an overwhelming vote , approved a disarmament plan that we and our allies sincerely believed to be fair and practical .
0 :: inflation remained in double digits , and government spending increased at an annual rate of 17 percent .
0 :: i in the treasury department the efficiency and economy work has been kept steadily up .
1 :: together we have made a new beginning , but we have only begun .
0 :: governments which rest upon the consent of the governed do not wage war on their neighbors .
0 :: but enterprise and ambition are qualities which no government can supply .
0 :: the present laws governing the island and regulating the rights and privileges of its people are not just .
0 :: the world also thinks of us as a land which has never enslaved anyone and which is animated by humane ideals .
1 :: rapid deployment forces we are systematically enhancing our ability to respond rapidly to non-nato contingencies wherever required by our commitments or when our vital interests are threatened .
0 :: i see you .
0 :: well , maybe you 're right .
1 :: we believe , however , that the rules of procedure in the federal courts with respect to the issuance of the writ of injunction should be more accurately defined by statute , and that no injunction or temporary restraining order should be issued without notice , except where irreparable injury would result from delay , in which case a speedy hearing thereafter should be granted . ''
0 :: other billions go for research , development , test and evaluation of new weapons systems .
1 :: i will recommend measures to eliminate certain payments in the veterans ' services .
0 :: the legislators and executives are chosen to represent the people in enacting and administering the laws .
1 :: nevertheless , there is an evident and constantly growing feeling among our people that the time is rapidly approaching when our system of revenue legislation must be revised .
1 :: however , our farm legislation is still not adequate .
0 :: and let me add here : so many of our greatest statesmen have reminded us that spiritual values alone are essential to our nation 's health and vigor .
1 :: we will not rest until this enemy has been defeated .
1 :: the question is how justice among nations is best achieved .
1 :: but our currency system is imperfect , and it is earnestly to be hoped that the currency commission will be able to propose a thoroughly good system which will do away with the existing defects .
0 :: the interstate commerce commission has made important and far-reaching recommendations upon the whole subject , which i commend to the early consideration of the congress .
0 :: but we also do it because it is right .
0 :: but the debate is settled .
1 :: careful budget policy should be supplemented by other measures designed to reduce inflation at lower cost in lost output and employment .
0 :: we have been proceeding under the act of congress that contemplates the establishment of trade routes to be ultimately transferred to private ownership and operation .
0 :: there has been a change of sovereigns in siam and the american minister at bangkok was accredited in a special capacity to represent the united states at the coronation ceremony of the new king .
0 :: this formula was based on the policy of the united states that people be permitted to choose their own form of government by their own freely expressed choice without interference from any foreign source .
0 :: as a young girl , denisha struggled in school and failed third grade twice .
1 :: good will prevails in our relations with the german empire .
0 :: we have two choices .
1 :: mr. speaker , i look forward to working with you .
0 :: tell it to the 81 million americans with those preexisting conditions ; those folks are paying more or they ca n't get insurance at all or they ca n't ever change their jobs because they or someone in their family has one of those preexisting conditions .
0 :: within the navy department itself the needs of the service have brought about a system under which the duties of a general staff are partially performed ; for the bureau of navigation has under its direction the war college , the office of naval intelligence , and the board of inspection , and has been in close touch with the general board of the navy .
1 :: we must continue to assure them the opportunity to earn a fair reward .
0 :: the large indian schools situated remote from any indian reservation do a special and peculiar work of great importance .
1 :: i will take actions to reduce undue hardships on any geographical region .
1 :: probably no other great nation in the world is so anxious for peace as we are .
1 :: let us weave these sturdy threads into a new american community that once more stand strong against the forces of despair and evil because everybody has a chance to walk into a better tomorrow .
1 :: i wo n't even touch that .
0 :: responsibility and crime crime in america has dropped for the past seven years -- the longest decline on record , thanks to a national consensus we helped to forge on community police , sensible gun safety laws , and effective prevention .
1 :: this preventive measure is of such great importance that i have recommended for it an increased appropriation .
0 :: they have few or no high pressure representatives at the capitol .
1 :: in addition , i recommended insurance benefits to replace part of the earnings lost through temporary sickness and permanent disability .
1 :: third , we must reduce or eliminate costly government subsidies .
1 :: the time has come when a more complete program can be formulated and more satisfactorily administered for their treatment and training , and i earnestly urge that the congress give the matter its early consideration .
1 :: a beginning has already been made for such supervision by the establishment of the bureau of corporations .
0 :: even in the face of higher energy prices and natural disasters , the american people have turned in an economic performance that is the envy of the world .
0 :: first in importance in the american scene has been the inspiring proof of the great qualities of our fighting men .
1 :: i recommend that you give careful and early consideration to this subject , and if you find the opinion of the interstate commerce commission justified , that you amend the law so as to obviate the evil disclosed .
0 :: as things are now the average soldier has far too much labor of a nonmilitary character to perform .
0 :: by strangling competition , monopolistic activity prevents or deters investment in new or expanded production facilities .
1 :: shall we say to the farmer , `` the prices for your products are in part restored .
0 :: now , the first $ 24,000 earned by a married couple is completely tax-free .
0 :: and it 's true , there 's no quick fix , as i said , to instantly end the tragic pain of unemployment .
0 :: much of it can not be used to advantage unless it is fenced , for fencing is the only way by which to keep in check the owners of nomad flocks which roam hither and thither , utterly destroying the pastures and leaving a waste behind so that their presence is incompatible with the presence of home-makers .
0 :: he is ours .
0 :: the competition for jobs is real .
0 :: mr. president , mr. speaker , members of the house and the senate , distinguished americans here as visitors in this chamber , as am i .
1 :: we also need to improve the means for getting farm products into markets and into the hands of consumers .
1 :: the passage of the bill would not entail a dollar 's expense upon the government at this time or in the future until war comes .
1 :: and , my friends , that will change the face and future of america .
0 :: through these means the 700,000 people in the flooded areas have been adequately supported .
1 :: the battle of the atlantic -- like all campaigns in this war -- demands eternal vigilance .
1 :: but first we must make choices .
0 :: this significant recognition of merit in competition with the chosen exhibits of all other nations and at the hands of juries almost wholly made up of representatives of france and other competing countries is not only most gratifying , but is especially valuable , since it sets us to the front in international questions of supply and demand , while the large proportion of awards in the classes of art and artistic manufactures afforded unexpected proof of the stimulation of national culture by the prosperity that flows from natural productiveness joined to industrial excellence .
0 :: discrimination against any american is un-american .
0 :: we have answered by continuing to help farmers obtain electric power , until today nearly 90 per cent of our farms have power line electric service .
0 :: it seems to me that the national reserve association meets the same objection in a similar way ; that is , by giving to each bank , state and national , in accordance with its size , a certain share in the stock of the reserve association , nontransferable and only to be held by the bank while it performs its functions as a partner in the reserve association .
1 :: they halt or hamper the movement for securing better and more equitable conditions of labor .
0 :: the givers and takers of bribes stand on an evil pre-eminence of infamy .
1 :: with tax relief , overtime will no longer be overtax time for the waitress .
1 :: we have proposed disarmament .
0 :: the journey from pekin to jehol shows in melancholy fashion how the soil has been washed away from whole valleys , so that they have been converted into deserts .
1 :: to these ends , efficient planning and execution of the nation 's public works require both the coordination of federal activities and effective cooperation with state and local governments .
1 :: there should be publicity of the accounts of common carriers ; no common carrier engaged in interstate business should keep any books or memoranda other than those reported pursuant to law or regulation , and these books or memoranda should be open to the inspection of the government .
1 :: in this period no new nation has become communist , and the unity of the communist empire has begun to crumble .
1 :: our immediate problem is the increase of employment for the next six months , and new plans which do not produce such immediate result or which extend commitments beyond this period are not warranted .
1 :: the social and economic forces which have been mismanaged abroad until they have resulted in revolution , dictatorship and war are the same as those which we here are struggling to adjust peacefully at home .
0 :: they are among the many who in this century , far from home , have died for our country .
1 :: there would be an incidental creation of water power which could be used for generating electricity .
0 :: in these measures we have striven to mobilize and stimulate private initiative and local and community responsibility .
1 :: this is our vision .
1 :: the committee at this time is recommending the advertising of 14 additional routes , making substantial requirements for the construction of new vessels during the life of each contract recommended .
1 :: we bet on american ingenuity .
0 :: the inauguration in paris of the lafayette monument , presented by the school children of the united states , and the designing of a commemorative coin by our mint and the presentation of the first piece struck to the president of the republic , were marked by appropriate ceremonies , and the fourth of july was especially observed in the french capital .
0 :: they know what it is like to fight house to house in a maze of streets , to wear heavy gear in the desert heat , to see a comrade killed by a roadside bomb .
0 :: let all of us pause now , think back , consider carefully the meaning of our national experience .
0 :: very often a lack of jobs and money is not the cause of poverty , but the symptom .
1 :: moreover , the organization , which in many respects is necessarily a skeleton , will furnish a guide for future development .
0 :: we all know that recent price increases have denied to many of our workers much of the value of recent wage increases .
1 :: the responsibility for making the plan effective lies with those who own and finance cotton and cotton lands .
1 :: it is now time to determine that we should enter the next century having achieved a level of excellence unsurpassed in history .
0 :: attorney-general speed , under date of november 7 , 1865 , advised secretary seward as follows : `` from this treaty it can not be supposed that new granada invited the united states to become a party to the intestine troubles of that government , nor did the united states become bound to take sides in the domestic broils of new granada .
1 :: i have submitted judicial nominees who will rule by the letter of the law , not the whim of the gavel .
0 :: never before has material well-being been so widely diffused among our people .
1 :: older americans my administration has taken great strides toward solving the difficult problems faced by older americans .
1 :: there lies before us now the work of building a just and enduring peace .
0 :: the transactions which took place under this illegal contract were very large ; the amounts of rebates returned were considerable ; and the amount of the rebate itself was large , amounting to more than one-fifth of the entire tariff charge for the transportation of merchandise from this city to detroit .
0 :: substantial progress has been made during the year in national peace and security ; the fundamental strength of the nation 's economic life is unimpaired ; education and scientific discovery have made advances ; our country is more alive to its problems of moral and spiritual welfare .
0 :: at every turn , we must weigh , judge and select .
0 :: yet while we have worked to advance national aspirations for freedom , a divisive force has been at work to divert that aspiration into dangerous channels .
1 :: we are instead called to move forward with the sense of confidence and candor that serious times demand .
1 :: president yeltsin 's early response has been very positive , and i expect our talks at camp david to be fruitful .
0 :: i know this is not the first time this country has debated how to reduce gun violence .
0 :: beyond the material recovery , i sense a spiritual recovery as well .
0 :: in these latter years we have witnessed the domination of government by financial and industrial groups , numerically small but politically dominant in the twelve years that succeeded the world war .
1 :: the community at large should share the burdens as well as the benefits of industry .
1 :: we should shape legislation with a view not to the exploiting and abandoning of the territory , but to the building up of homes therein .
0 :: the department of agriculture has given facilities for post-graduate work to five hundred young men during the last seven years , preparing them for advance lines of work in the department and in the state institutions .
0 :: it is on this side that our error , if any , has been committed .
1 :: it is our constant desire that all causes of dispute in this area may be tranquilly and satisfactorily adjusted .
1 :: the details of such a law may be safely left to the wise discretion of the congress , but it should go as far as under the constitution it is possible to go , and should include severe penalties against him who gives or receives a bribe intended to influence his act or opinion as an elector ; and provisions for the publication not only of the expenditures for nominations and elections of all candidates but also of all contributions received and expenditures made by political committees .
1 :: within 25 years , our goal is to give 80 percent of americans access to high-speed rail .
0 :: whether domestic prices , so high as to be noncompetitive , result from demands for too-high profit margins or from increased labor costs that outrun growth in productivity , the final result is seriously damaging to the nation .
1 :: instead , i spoke of the strength of the free marketplace system and how that system could help them realize their aspirations for economic development and political freedom .
1 :: what i saw in those two places crystalized for me the purposes of our own nation 's policy : to ensure economic justice , to advance human rights , to resolve conflicts without violence , and to proclaim in our great democracy our constant faith in the liberty and dignity of human beings everywhere .
0 :: and , certainly , no one can or should minimize the plight of millions of our friends and neighbors who are living in the bleak emptiness of unemployment .
0 :: both the present condition of the law and the present temper of juries render it a task of extreme difficulty to get at the real wrongdoer in any such case , especially by imprisonment .
0 :: the roster of urban problems with which they must cope is staggering .
1 :: the nation as a whole is vitally interested in the health of all the people ; in protection from spread of contagious disease ; in the relation of physical and mental disabilities to criminality ; and in the economic and moral advancement which is fundamentally associated with sound body and mind .
1 :: the law , passed at the last session of the congress , granting compensation to certain classes of employees of the government , should be extended to include all employees of the government and should be made more liberal in its terms .
1 :: i urge the prompt enactment by the congress of the legislation now before it to extend and broaden the existing displaced persons law and remove its discriminatory features .
0 :: as a rule the female seal when killed is pregnant , and also has an unweaned pup on land , so that , for each skin taken by pelagic sealing , as a rule , three lives are destroyed -- the mother , the unborn offspring , and the nursing pup , which is left to starve to death .
0 :: as i have met the heroes , hugged the families , and looked into the tired faces of rescuers , i have stood in awe of the american people .
1 :: our great moral and material commitments to collective security , deterrence of force , international law , negotiations that lead to self-enforcing agreements , and the economic interdependence of free nations should remain the cornerstone of a foreign policy that will ultimately bring permanent peace with justice in freedom to all mankind .
0 :: tonight , for the first time since 9/11 , our combat mission in afghanistan is over .
0 :: everyone in america is grieving for you .
0 :: for two centuries , america has served the world as an inspiring example of freedom and democracy .
0 :: rebates , for instance , are as often due to the pressure of big shippers ( as was shown in the investigation of the standard oil company and as has been shown since by the investigation of the tobacco and sugar trusts ) as to the initiative of big railroads .
0 :: much of this is legislation which i proposed in 1969 , in 1970 , and also in the first session of this 92d congress and on which i feel it is essential that action be completed this year .
1 :: what is needed now and without delay is an appropriation by the congress to meet the current and accruing expenses of the commission .
1 :: several alleged reasons have prevented the enactment of legislation which would preserve for our soldiers and sailors and marines the fundamental prerogative of citizenship -- the right to vote .
1 :: the budget i shall submit to the congress on january 21 the first budget prepared by this administration , for the period july 1 , 1954 , through june 1955 .
1 :: i recommend that the number of persons admitted to this country annually be based not on the 1920 census but on the latest , the 1950 census .
0 :: when the earth shook and fires raged in california ; when i saw the mississippi deluge the farmlands of the midwest in a 500 year flood ; when the century 's bitterest cold swept from north dakota to newport news it seemed as though the world itself was coming apart at the seams .
0 :: after unavailing attempts to reach an understanding through a joint high commission , followed by prolonged negotiations , conducted in an amicable spirit , a convention between the united states and great britain was signed , january 24 , 1903 , providing for an examination of the subject by a mixed tribunal of six members , three on a side , with a view to its final disposition .
0 :: but you know what , i know a lot of really good scientistsat nasa and at noaa and at our major universities .
0 :: we 've intensified security at the borders and ports of entry , posted more than 50,000 newly trained federal screeners in airports , begun inoculating troops and first- responders against smallpox , and are deploying the nation 's first early warning network of sensors to detect biological attack .
1 :: in the near east we shall spare no effort in seeking to promote a fair solution of the tragic dispute between the arab states and israel , all of whom we want as our friends .
1 :: the government must open these gates of trade , and open them wide ; open them before it is altogether profitable to open them , or altogether reasonable to ask private capital to open them at a venture .
0 :: the united states denied itself any participation in the war settlement of general reparations and our claims are comparatively small in amount .
0 :: it lies in having the power insufficiently concentrated , so that no one can be held responsible to the people for its use .
0 :: second , to grant authority to regulate speculation on the commodity exchanges .
1 :: the national government is justified in putting forth every effort to make the open country a desirable place to live .
1 :: i ask you to make the same commitment .
1 :: we are about to give order and organization to this peace not only for ourselves but for the other peoples of the world as well , so far as they will suffer us to serve them .
1 :: over the last six months , i have traveled to many of them -- joined by many of you , and many far-sighted business people -- to shine a spotlight on the enormous potential in communities from appalachia to the mississippi delta , from watts to the pine ridge indian reservation .
1 :: this can be the congress that reformed a welfare system that has robbed recipients of their dignity and robbed states and cities of their resources .
1 :: and that 's why the third big question we have to answer is how to keep america safe and strong without either isolating ourselves or trying to nation-build everywhere there 's a problem .
0 :: we had even engaged in two wars with european nations and in a number of undeclared wars in the west indies , in the mediterranean and in the pacific for the maintenance of american rights and for the principles of peaceful commerce .
0 :: when there was insurrection in the philippines we kept the army at the maximum .
0 :: this attempt to subjugate an independent , non-aligned islamic people is a callous violation of international law and the united nations charter , two fundamentals of international order .
1 :: yet many americans , especially parents , still have deep concerns about the direction of our culture and the health of our most basic institutions .
0 :: the historical policy of the united states of carrying its regiments during time of peace at half strength has no application to our foreign garrisons .
1 :: and tonight in this hallowed chamber , with the american people as our witness , we make you a solemn pledge : in the fight ahead , you will have all you need to protect our nation .
1 :: it is obvious that the remaining settlements , which will undoubtedly be made , will bring this sum up to an amount which will more than equal the principal due on our present national debt .
1 :: meanwhile , china 's not waiting to revamp its economy .
0 :: moreover , it should be borne in mind that shipping represents , internationally speaking , a much more generalized species of private property than is the case with ordinary property on land -- that is , property found at sea is much less apt than is the case with property found on land really to belong to any one nation .
1 :: all that this country desires is that the other republics on this continent shall be happy and prosperous ; and they can not be happy and prosperous unless they maintain order within their boundaries and behave with a just regard for their obligations toward outsiders .
0 :: such an effort is to be commended .
0 :: amazing medical technologies are improving and saving lives .
1 :: we realized that if we and our allies did not have military strength to meet the growing soviet military threat , we would never have the opportunity to carry forward our efforts to build a peaceful world of law and order -- the only environment in which our free institutions could survive and flourish .
0 :: you have made available funds with which to carry on this campaign , but there is no provision in the law authorizing their expenditure for the purpose of making the public fully informed about the efforts of the government .
0 :: in a modern industrial society , banishment of destitution and cushioning the shock of personal disaster on the individual are proper concerns of all levels of government , including the federal government .
0 :: that 's why i 've called for a bipartisan , fiscal commission , modeled on a proposal by republican judd gregg and democrat kent conrad .
1 :: that source is exhausted .
1 :: but the greatest challenge of all is posed by the growth of the european common market .
0 :: the most dangerous occupations are often the poorest paid and those where the hours of work are longest ; and in many cases those who go into them are driven by necessity so great that they have practically no alternative .
0 :: our closest allies have been unwavering .
1 :: there are two other pressing challenges that i have raised repeatedly before this body , and that this body has failed to address : entitlement spending and immigration .
0 :: of a given number of men it may well be that almost all would make good lieutenants and most of them good lieutenant-commanders , while only a minority be fit to be captains , and but three or four to be admirals .
0 :: retail prices have gone up at an annual rate of 10 percent .
1 :: in pursuance of this policy i shall shortly lay before the senate treaties of arbitration with all powers which are willing to enter into these treaties with us .
0 :: last fall , congress missed the opportunity to change that .
0 :: under this sound and healthful encouragement the national income has increased nearly 50 per cent , until it is estimated to stand well over $ 90,000,000,000 .
0 :: the mississippi river system carries a commerce of over 50,000,000 tons at a saving of nearly $ 18,000,000 annually .
0 :: as president , i have a constitutional responsibility to nominate men and women who understand the role of courts in our democracy and are well- qualified to serve on the bench , and i have done so .
0 :: the advancement of the highest interests of national science and learning and the custody of objects of art and of the valuable results of scientific expeditions conducted by the united states have been committed to the smithsonian institution .
1 :: some will also say our states and local communities are not up to the challenge of a new and creative partnership .
1 :: and congress should start by passing the bipartisan bill sponsored by senator kennedy and senator kassebaum that would require insurance companies to stop dropping people when they switch jobs , and stop denying coverage for preexisting conditions .
1 :: in dealing with the affairs of the other departments , the heads of which all submit annual reports , i shall touch only those matters that seem to me to call for special mention on my part without minimizing in any way the recommendations made by them for legislation affecting their respective departments , in all of which i wish to express my general concurrence .
0 :: there is , indeed , a too great divergence between the economic conditions of the most and the least favored classes in the community .
0 :: a new partnership has been created with panama ; it is a model for large and small nations .
0 :: they 're out there , those voices .
0 :: we built a space program almost overnight , and twelve years later , we were walking on the moon .
1 :: but i also know that in a time of crisis , we can not afford to govern out of anger , or yield to the politics of the moment .
0 :: there is no proper development and adherence to broad national policies and no central point where the searchlight of public opinion may concentrate itself .
0 :: during 1980 , the united states provided resettlement opportunities for 216,000 refugees from countries around the globe .
0 :: the treasury of the united states has , by a timely and well-considered distribution of its deposits , facilitated the moving of the crops in the present season and prevented the scarcity of available funds too often experienced at such times .
1 :: after years of negotiation , a columbia river storage development agreement with canada now opens the way for early realization of unparalleled power , flood control and resource conservation benefits for the pacific northwest .
0 :: for the first time since the communization of eastern europe after world war ii , the soviets have sent combat forces into an area that was not previously under their control , into a non-aligned and sovereign state .
1 :: the people who most want to change this system are the people who are dependent on it .
1 :: we hope to play a constantly growing part in the great ocean of the orient .
0 :: after world war ii , we connected our states with a system of highways .
1 :: the department of agriculture is undergoing changes in organization in order more completely to separate the research and regulatory divisions , that each may be better administered .
1 :: let us increase the use of renewable power and emissions-free nuclear power .
1 :: our program to raise farm income will help meet it by helping to revitalize rural america , by giving to america 's farmers their fair share of america 's increasing productivity .
0 :: these principles motivate our actions within the united nations .
1 :: yet we have unfinished business before us , and the american people expect us to get it done .
0 :: `` it is my task , '' he said , `` to report the state of the union -- to improve it is the task of us all . ''
1 :: recommendations were also made to give assistance to colleges and universities for the construction of academic and residential buildings to meet future enrollment increases .
1 :: we now have in law , enforcable spending caps , and a requirement that we pay for the programs we create .
1 :: the business man gives his best thought to the repair and replenishment of his machinery , so that its usefulness will not be impaired and its power to produce may always be at its height and kept in full vigor and motion .
0 :: very efficient service has been rendered by the navy in connection with the insurrection in the philippines and the recent disturbance in china .
0 :: they are dropped into committee reports that are not even part of the bill that arrives on my desk .
1 :: the process of injunction is an essential adjunct of the court 's doing its work well ; and as preventive measures are always better than remedial , the wise use of this process is from every standpoint commendable .
1 :: and he should not go free because prisons are too full .
1 :: our third major foreign policy goal is one that touches the life of every american citizen every day , world economic growth and stability .
1 :: none can and none will .
0 :: these concerted efforts have been an integral part of my program to revitalize the economy .
1 :: if the congress will act on these proposals , more flexible funding will enable each federal dollar to meet better the particular need of each particular school district .
0 :: my gratitude also goes to those of you in this chamber who have worked with us to put progress above partisanship .
0 :: our warriors in afghanistan also have new rules of engagement .
0 :: the instinct of the american people as a whole is sound in this matter .
1 :: as our difficulties during the past year have plainly originated in large degree from these sources , any effort to bring about our own recuperation has dictated the necessity of cooperation by us with other nations in reasonable effort to restore world confidence and economic stability .
1 :: progress in improvement is about 50,000 miles of all types per annum , of which some 12,000 miles are of the more durable types .
1 :: the major responsibility for development in these fields rests in the localities , even though the federal government will continue to do its proper part in meeting the genuine needs of a burgeoning population .
1 :: true , there are some clouds on the horizon .
1 :: one basic purpose unites us : to promote strength and security , side by side with liberty and opportunity .
1 :: that 's why we created americorps , our national service program that gives today 's generation a chance to serve their communities and earn money for college .
0 :: in the hands of a people 's government this power is wholesome and proper .
1 :: our public works program should be timed to reach its peak after demand for private construction has begun to taper off .
1 :: we should also strengthen the economy by treating investors equally in our tax laws .
1 :: we mean to continue that momentum and to increase it .
0 :: owing to their presence the constituted government of nicaragua was free to devote its attention wholly to its internal troubles , and was thus enabled to stamp out the rebellion in a short space of time .
1 :: our full-employment program requires the extensive development of our natural resources and other useful public works .
1 :: and every individual american taxpayer and every corporate taxpayer will benefit from the earliest possible passage of the pending tax bill from both the new investment it will bring and the new jobs that it will create .
0 :: he had just been reelected to the presidency because the majority of our citizens , the majority of our farmers and wage-workers , believed that he had faithfully upheld their interests for four years .
1 :: in 1963 , for the first time in history , we crossed the 70 million job mark , but we will soon need more than 75 million jobs .
0 :: people are out of work .
1 :: but those dates are not so distant , as any parent will tell you .
1 :: this is an age of combination , and any effort to prevent all combination will be not only useless , but in the end vicious , because of the contempt for law which the failure to enforce law inevitably produces .
0 :: that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights , and that among these are life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . ''
1 :: there is a call to make the alien respect our institutions while he accepts our hospitality .
1 :: we are also standing against the forces of extremism in the holy land , where we have new cause for hope .
0 :: every measure taken concerning the islands should be taken primarily with a view to their advantage .
1 :: we are now in the midst of our effort to reach that goal .
1 :: in turn , others of the economic rights of american citizenship , such as the right to a decent home , to a good education , to good medical care , to social security , to reasonable farm income , will , if fulfilled , make major contributions to achieving adequate levels of employment .
0 :: the death-rate statistics show a terrible increase in mortality , and especially in infant mortality , in overcrowded tenements .
1 :: the use of detectives , though often necessary , tends towards abuse , and should be carefully guarded .
0 :: the governor general is hampered in his selection of subordinates by the necessity of securing a confirmation , which has oftentimes driven him to the expediency of using army officers in work for which civilian experts would be much better fitted .
1 :: our plant capacity and productivity are not increasing fast enough .
0 :: but the enduring worth of our nation lies in our shared values and our soaring spirit .
0 :: today , with the help of the vice president 's e-rate program , more than half of them are ; and 90 percent of our schools have at least one connection to the internet .
0 :: it means making tough decisions about opening new offshore areas for oil and gas development .
1 :: in hawaii , for instance , it is worse than useless to establish a naval station unless we establish it behind fortifications so strong that no landing force can take them save by regular and long-continued siege operations .
1 :: this is not a problem to be approached in a narrow or partisan spirit .
1 :: building on the agricultural laws of 1948 and 1949 , we should establish a price support program with enough flexibility to attract the production of needed supplies of essential commodities and to stimulate the consumption of those commodities that are flooding american markets .
1 :: soviet spokesmen , from the beginning , have publicly and frequently declared their aim to expand their power , one way or another , throughout the world .
0 :: outside of organized labor there is a widespread feeling that this system often works great injustice to wageworkers when their efforts to better their working condition result in industrial disputes .
1 :: taxes have begun to go down .
0 :: but in all honesty , we can not put all of the blame on the oil-exporting nations .
1 :: unless our commerce is always to be carried in foreign bottoms , we must have war craft to protect it .
1 :: it will be my constant effort to maintain these principles , and to reinforce them by all appropriate agreements and treaties .
0 :: these new relationships permit economies in the use of men as we build forces suited to our situation in the world today .
1 :: let 's make sure people who bundle campaign contributions for congress ca n't lobby congress , and vice versa -- an idea that has bipartisan support , at least outside of washington .
1 :: our social security system should be developed into the main reliance of our people for basic protection against the economic hazards of old-age , unemployment , and illness .
0 :: these posts contain only fractions of regiments , averaging less than 700 men each .
1 :: our own vast strength is only a part of that required for dependable security .
1 :: we should adopt a similar system here .
0 :: but now let 's talk about this year 's budget .
1 :: it is discreditable to us that our business people , for lack of direct communication in the shape of lines of steamers with south america , should in that great sister continent be at a disadvantage compared to the business people of europe .
0 :: they were an appeal from the clamor of many private and selfish interests , yes , an appeal from the clamor of partisan interest , to the ideal of the public interest .
0 :: we have had ample time for debate .
1 :: it is my hope that our fireside summit in geneva and mr. gorbachev 's upcoming visit to america can lead to a more stable relationship .
1 :: for we can not for long lead the cause of peace and freedom , if we ever cease to set the pace here at home .
0 :: as a government , we are fighting illegal drugs by cutting off supplies and reducing demand through antidrug education programs .
1 :: to many who have pleaded with me for an immediate balancing of the budget , by a sharp curtailment or even elimination of government functions , i have asked the question : `` what present expenditures would you reduce or eliminate ? ''
1 :: it should be made clear to all the world that lacking a definite agreement , the attitude of any other country is not to be permitted to alter our own policy .
0 :: last year the congress authorized $ 662 million for the model cities program .
1 :: there 's a lesson here that we all should write on the blackboard a hundred times : in a child 's education , money can never take the place of basics like discipline , hard work , and , yes , homework .
0 :: for the last two years , one man in particular has been on the front lines of that effort .
1 :: should bidders be found who will make these undertakings , it will be necessary to recommend to congress an increase in the authorized expenditure by the post office of about $ 5,500,000 annually .
1 :: i recommend the enactment of a law directed against bribery and corruption in federal elections .
0 :: i recall these troubles not to point any fingers of blame .
1 :: for approximately ten years we have dwelt amid menaces of war or as participants in war 's actualities , and the inevitable aftermath , with its disordered conditions , bits added to the difficulties of government which adequately can not be appraised except by , those who are in immediate contact and know the responsibilities .
0 :: the genius of america has been its incredible ability to improve the lives of its citizens through a unique combination of governmental and free citizen activity .
1 :: it has been put forth , as we intended , as a whole , and leaves no conjecture as to what is to follow .
1 :: we 'll make sure that your earnings are not eaten up by hidden wall street fees .
0 :: the advantages secured by the adjustment of our trade relations under this law have continued during the last year , and some additional cases of discriminatory treatment of which we had reason to complain have been removed .
1 :: to help maintain this kind of armed strength and improve its efficiency , i must urge the enactment of several important measures in this session .
1 :: our present system lacks the indispensable quality of elasticity .
0 :: we know that they are not difficulties peculiar to any continent or any nation .
1 :: and on some issues , there are simply philosophical differences that will always cause us to part ways .
1 :: we must be at the center of every vital global network , as a good neighbor and partner .
0 :: we have cut the war program to the maximum extent consistent with national security .
0 :: when we rescued our automakers , for example , we worked with them to set higher fuel efficiency standards for our cars .
1 :: the communists can not stamp out our faith in human dignity-fear can .
0 :: i very much doubt , however , the wisdom of a policy which constitutes so large a subsidy and requires additional taxation to meet it .
1 :: we should be able , in the event of some sudden emergency , to put into the field one first-class army corps , which should be , as a whole , at least the equal of any body of troops of like number belonging to any other nation .
1 :: it shall continue to be in the future what it has been in the past , a government based on the theory that each man , rich or poor , is to be treated simply and solely on his worth as a man , that all his personal and property rights are to be safeguarded , and that he is neither to wrong others nor to suffer wrong from others .
0 :: and today it 's vaclav havel , president of czechoslovakia .
1 :: the bill will permit the gradual elimination of tariffs here in the united states and in the common market on those items in which we together supply 80 percent of the world 's trade -- mostly items in which our own ability to compete is demonstrated by the fact that we sell abroad , in these items , substantially more than we import .
1 :: legislation is now pending in the congress to authorize grants for the construction of hospitals and health centers and grants and loans for water-pollution control .
0 :: during the past year banks , representing 3 per cent of our total deposits have been closed .
1 :: therefore , even if we were craven enough i do not believe we could be -- but , i say , even if we were craven enough to abandon our ideals , it would be disastrous for us to withdraw from the community of free nations .
1 :: let us not make the same kind of mistake in another field , by failing to anticipate the much more serious impact of the soviet economic offensive .
1 :: the courts having power to naturalize should be definitely named by national authority ; the testimony upon which naturalization may be conferred should be definitely prescribed ; publication of impending naturalization applications should be required in advance of their hearing in court ; the form and wording of all certificates issued should be uniform throughout the country , and the courts should be required to make returns to the secretary of state at stated periods of all naturalizations conferred .
0 :: congress has a tremendous responsibility in this matter .
1 :: the farmers , the mechanics , the skilled and unskilled laborers , the small shop keepers , make up the bulk of the population of any country ; and upon their well-being , generation after generation , the well-being of the country and the race depends .
1 :: as a factor for promoting the general interests of peace , order , and fair commerce in the far east the influence of japan can hardly be overestimated .
0 :: yet there is a difference between responsible criticism that aims for success and defeatism that refuses to acknowledge anything but failure .
1 :: turning from our foreign policies , let us consider the jobs we have here at home as a part of our program for peace .
1 :: the whole world has a great stake in the success of these efforts .
1 :: it would be far better to do this than to do what actually was done , and strive to prevent or at least to hamper effective action against criminals by the executive branch of the government .
1 :: and i ask your support for that endeavor .
0 :: there has been the least possible government entry into the economic field , and that only in temporary and emergency form .
0 :: the defenders of those murderous criminals who seek to excuse their criminality by asserting that it is exercised for political ends , inveigh against wealth and irresponsible power .
1 :: the first half of this century will be known as the most turbulent and eventful period in recorded history .
0 :: appropriate representations on our part resulted in the british government agreeing to purchase outright all such goods shown to be the actual property of american citizens , thus closing the incident to the satisfaction of the immediately interested parties , although , unfortunately , without a broad settlement of the question of a neutral 's right to send goods not contraband per se to a neutral port adjacent to a belligerent area .
0 :: it is the responsibility of government to gear its total program to the achievement of full production and full employment .
0 :: they have strengthened the material foundations of our democratic ideals .
1 :: in treating of our foreign policy and of the attitude that this great nation should assume in the world at large , it is absolutely necessary to consider the army and the navy , and the congress , through which the thought of the nation finds its expression , should keep ever vividly in mind the fundamental fact that it is impossible to treat our foreign policy , whether this policy takes shape in the effort to secure justice for others or justice for ourselves , save as conditioned upon the attitude we are willing to take toward our army , and especially toward our navy .
1 :: it is a place where the nations of the world can , if they have the will , take collective action for peace and justice .
0 :: today , too , the work of government is far more complex than in our early years , requiring more time to learn and more time to master the technical tasks of legislating .
0 :: i , for one , do not doubt the patriotic devotion either of our young men or of those who give them employment , -- those for whose benefit and protection they would in fact enlist .
1 :: whatever we plan and whatever we do should be in the light of these three clear objectives of security .
1 :: one of america 's most important institutions , a symbol of the trust between generations , is also in need of wise and effective reform .
0 :: inflation is down from 12.4 percent to 8.9 , and for the month of december it was running at an annualized rate of 5.2 percent .
0 :: and i challenge local housing authorities and tenant associations : criminal gang members and drug dealers are destroying the lives of decent tenants .
0 :: leaders of both political parties have talked for years about strengthening medicare .
1 :: i urge the new congress to endorse the principles of `` healthy people , '' and to adopt the recommendations to achieve its goals .
0 :: today he lives in seoul , where he rescues other defectors , and broadcasts into north korea what the regime fears the most - the truth .
1 :: in the peacetime economy the reconstruction finance corporation will take the leadership in assuring adequate financing for small enterprises which can not secure funds from other sources .
1 :: we shall feel in many ways in our daily lives the sharp pinch of total war .
0 :: by continuing to surpass her prewar levels of economic activity , western europe gains self-reliance .
1 :: i can assure you , the bipartisan leadership of congress , of my help in fighting off any attempt to bust our budget agreement .
1 :: further amendments to the existing law will be suggested by the american legion , the veterans of foreign wars of the united states , the disabled american veterans of the world war , and other like organizations , and it may be necessary for administrative purposes , or in order to remove some existing inequalities in the present law , to make further changes .
1 :: hopefully , the 250th year for america will see a world that is more peaceful , more just , and more free .
0 :: another cause of hopelessness is addiction to drugs .
0 :: he gained a foothold for freedom and at the age of 17 , just a year older than his grandson , who 's up there with him today , and his son , who is a west point graduate and a veteran , at 17 , jack lucas became the youngest marine in history and the youngest soldier in this century to win the congressional medal of honor .
1 :: the question naturally arises as to whether if allowed to expand without restraint these methods would dangerously concentrate control of credit , and whether they would not in any event seriously threaten one of the fundamentals of the american credit system -- which is that credit which is based upon banking deposits should be controlled by persons within those areas which furnish these deposits and thus be subject to the restraints of local interest and public opinion in those areas .
0 :: but public works activities are closely inter-related and have a substantial influence on the growth of the country .
0 :: unemployment claims have hit a 45-year low .
0 :: we were able through these 10 years to expand the productive strength of our farms and factories .
0 :: the lessons taught are both strategic and tactical , and are political as well as military .
1 :: and we must now escape the spider 's web of dependency .
1 :: we in this union enter the last decade of the 20th century thankful for all our blessings , steadfast in our purpose , aware of our difficulties and responsive to our duties at home and around the world .
1 :: in the natural indignation the people feel over the dishonesty , it is essential that they should not lose their heads and get drawn into an indiscriminate raid upon all corporations , all people of wealth , whether they do well or ill. out of any such wild movement good will not come , can not come , and never has come .
1 :: so we 've got to streamline today 's patchwork of training programs and make them a source of new skill for our people who lose their jobs .
1 :: today our schools face pressing problems -- problems which will not yield to swift and easy solutions , or to any single action .
0 :: some developments beyond our shores have been equally encouraging .
0 :: this purchase was the greatest instance of expansion in our history .
0 :: yes , in 1933 , but now with the passing of danger they forget their damaging admissions and withdraw their abdication .
1 :: the congress has already provided for a survey which will soon be embodied in a report .
1 :: it is my view that the amount of taxation should be fixed so as to balance the budget for 1933 except for the statutory debt retirement .
0 :: so , if any of you believe there 's no crisis , you tell it to those people , because i ca n't .
0 :: this amount includes both tuition expenses and maintenance allowances .
1 :: by the end of the year , it could cause 1.5 million americans to lose their homes .
0 :: what would have been an infringement upon liberty half a century ago may be the necessary safeguard of liberty to-day .
0 :: some work is being done of a preparatory nature along the missouri , and large expenditures are being made yearly in the lower reaches of the mississippi and its tributaries which contribute both to flood control and navigation .
1 :: there are now long waiting lines of immigrants that are trying to do just that .
0 :: later , he was tortured by north korean authorities after returning from a brief visit to china .
1 :: even when the world war broke out in 1914 , it seemed to contain only small threat of danger to our own american future .
1 :: this then is the work we should do in the months that are ahead of us in this congress .
1 :: middle east in the middle east , our determination to consolidate what has already been achieved in the peace process -- and to buttress that accomplishment with further progress toward a comprehensive peace settlement -- must remain a central goal of our foreign policy .
0 :: it allows the federal government to reduce overhead .
1 :: a hundred years from tonight , another american president will stand in this place and report on the state of the union .
0 :: the nation , through its broader field of activities , its wider opportunity for obtaining information from all the states and from foreign countries , is able to do that which not even the richest states can do , and with the distinct additional advantage that the information thus obtained is used for the immediate benefit of all our people .
1 :: together with our allies , we will be negotiating with the nations of the warsaw pact on mutual and balanced reduction of forces in europe .
1 :: one obvious road on which to make a useful start is in the widening of communication between our two peoples .
1 :: and i call on the congress to pass legislation to establish that information superhighway this year .
1 :: and the next generation internet will operate at speeds up to a thousand times faster than today .
0 :: no final determination can be made , apparently , except under treaty as to the participation of both countries .
1 :: it is out of the question to claim a right and yet shirk the responsibility for its exercise .
0 :: this treaty was entered into at the urgent solicitation of the people of colombia and after a body of experts appointed by our government especially to go into the matter of the routes across the isthmus had pronounced unanimously in favor of the panama route .
1 :: i have just returned from a trip to panama and shall report to you at length later on the whole subject of the panama canal .
1 :: the all-of-the-above energy strategy i announced a few years ago is working , and today , america is closer to energy independence than we 've been in decades .
0 :: but we have a greater responsibility to conduct our political fights in a manner that does not harm the national interest .
0 :: since the signing of the korean armistice in 1953 , americans have lived in peace in highly troubled times .
1 :: this and other major improvements in the insurance system will bring substantial benefit increases and broaden the membership of the insurance system , thus diminishing the need for federal grants-in-aid for such purposes .
1 :: the world 's peace , as well as our own , depends on our remaining as strong as we need to be as long as we need to be .
0 :: estiven rodriguez could n't speak a word of english when he moved to new york city at age nine .
0 :: governments grow , piecemeal , both in their tasks and in the means by which those tasks are to be performed , and very few governments are organized , i venture to say , as wise and experienced business men would organize them if they had a clean sheet of paper to write upon .
0 :: coronation of king george v. the 22d of june of the present year marked the coronation of his britannic majesty king george v. in honor of this auspicious occasion i sent a special embassy to london .
0 :: although the attempt on the life of our vice-consul had not been successful , yet the outrage was symptomatic of a state of excitement and disorder which demanded immediate attention .
1 :: we have an improving relationship with china , the world 's most populous nation .
1 :: when you come right down to it , now that the world economy is becoming more and more integrated , we have to do in the world what we spent the better part of this century doing here at home .
1 :: we still ca n't be strong at home unless we 're strong abroad .
1 :: it promises to outrun any inquiry that may be instituted and any aid that may be offered .
0 :: and by adding 25 free-flowing river segments to the wild and scenic river system , the bill almost doubles the river mileage in that system .
0 :: the old way was centralized here in washington .
1 :: to demonstrate once again our unalterable purpose to make of the atom a peaceful servant of humanity , i shortly shall ask the congress to authorize full united states participation in the international atomic energy agency .
1 :: everything that is broken in our country can be fixed .
0 :: they are concerned about unethical conduct by public officials , and discouraged by activist courts that try to redefine marriage .
1 :: we are joined by allies and partners who have increased their own commitment , and who will come together tomorrow in london to reaffirm our common purpose .
1 :: the magnitude of this increase will best appear from the fact that the entire postal receipts for the year 1860 amounted to but $ 8,518,067 .
0 :: these include capital expenditures by the rural electrification administration and expenditures for resource development by other organizational units in the department of agriculture which are also mentioned above under `` agricultural programs . ''
1 :: the administration will prepare additional recommendations designed to achieve the same objectives , including career incentives for medical and dental officers and nurses , and increases in the proportion of regular officers .
0 :: mobs frequently avenge the commission of this crime by themselves torturing to death the man committing it ; thus avenging in bestial fashion a bestial deed , and reducing themselves to a level with the criminal .
1 :: and here at home , and in the world , there is history in the making , and history to be made .
0 :: both president lincoln and president garfield were killed by assassins of types unfortunately not uncommon in history ; president lincoln falling a victim to the terrible passions aroused by four years of civil war , and president garfield to the revengeful vanity of a disappointed office-seeker .
0 :: conservation and use of land. -- i am recommending that 270 million dollars be appropriated for `` conservation and use of agricultural land resources '' -- the so-called aaa program -- for the fiscal year 1947 , compared with 356 million dollars in the current year .
0 :: he is a 49 year-old vietnam veteran who 's worked for the social security administration for 22 years now .
1 :: every consideration of wise policy , and , above all , every consideration of large generosity , bids us meet the request of santo domingo as we are now trying to meet it .
0 :: for the first century we struggled to hold together the first continental union of democracy in the history of man .
0 :: it is gratifying to be able to state that the surplus revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30 , 1900 , were $ 79,527,060.18 .
1 :: i suggest the consideration because the drift of wealth into nontaxable securities is hindering the flow of large capital to our industries , manufacturing , agricultural , and carrying , until we are discouraging the very activities which make our wealth .
1 :: every effort has been made by the government of the united states to persuade colombia to follow a course which was essentially not only to our interests and to the interests of the world , but to the interests of colombia itself .
0 :: the facts concerning meteorology and its relations to plant and animal life are being systematically inquired into .
0 :: the judicial arm , which has the ultimate authority for interpreting the constitution , has held that certain state laws and practices discriminate upon racial grounds and are unconstitutional .
0 :: dread of the power of any other nation we are incapable of .
1 :: i urge the house to do the same .
1 :: i am sure , however , i express the desire of the astronomers and those learned in the kindred sciences when i urge upon congress that the naval observatory be now dedicated to science under control of a man of science who can , if need be , render all the service to the navy department which this observatory now renders , and still furnish to the world the discoveries in astronomy that a great astronomer using such a plant would be likely to make .
1 :: the greatest gap in our social security structure is the lack of adequate provision for the nation 's health .
1 :: that profit i believe should be devoted to strengthening maritime power in those directions where it will best promote our prestige .
1 :: they seek to impose and expand an empire of oppression in which a tiny group of brutal , self-appointed rulers control every aspect of every life .
1 :: our trade position can also be improved by making our port system more efficient .
0 :: diversification is necessary .
1 :: yet even as these plans are made , the sandinista regime knows the tide is turning , and the cause of nicaraguan freedom is riding at its crest .
1 :: i challenge you to raise their minimum wage .
1 :: a blind and ignorant resistance to every effort for the reform of abuses and for the readjustment of society to modern industrial conditions represents not true conservatism , but an incitement to the wildest radicalism ; for wise radicalism and wise conservatism go hand in hand , one bent on progress , the other bent on seeing that no change is made unless in the right direction .
0 :: gradually , but surely , with the almost universal sympathy of those among whom they live , the colored people are working out their own destiny .
0 :: and for those who question the quality of our aircraft and the ability of our fliers , i point to the fact that , in africa , we are shooting down two enemy planes to every one we lose , and in the pacific and the southwest pacific we are shooting them down four to one .
0 :: the best cost-of-living news of the past year is that double-digit inflation of 12 percent or higher was cut almost in half .
1 :: no legacy would make me more proud than leaving in place a bipartisan consensus for the cause of world freedom , a consensus that prevents a paralysis of american power from ever occurring again .
0 :: a hopeful society has institutions of science and medicine that do not cut ethical corners and that recognize the matchless value of every life .
0 :: medical research is critical .
1 :: i do not ask for an end to debate .
0 :: veterans whose diseases or injuries have become apparent within a brief period after the war are now receiving compensation ; insurance benefits have been liberalized .
1 :: with such a policy would come increased care , and accidents would be reduced in number .
0 :: for instance , the practicability of producing the best types of macaroni wheats in regions of an annual rainfall of only ten inches or thereabouts has been conclusively demonstrated .
0 :: the beginning of the year 1946 finds the united states strong and deservedly confident .
1 :: i year ago i asked all of you to join me in accepting responsibility for the future of our country .
1 :: we must choose to give the american people the quality they demand and deserve with a system that will not bankrupt the country or further drive more americans into agony .
0 :: this is not a democratic or a republican issue .
1 :: to build excessively , under the influence of fear , could defeat our purposes and impair or destroy the very freedom and economic system our military defenses are designed to protect .
0 :: not a life was lost in the accomplishment of the revolution .
0 :: the very cordial receptions with which i was greeted were in tribute to democracy .
0 :: we have already discovered we have already discovered genes for breast cancer and diabetes .
1 :: with 120,000 soviet combat and military personnel and 15,000 military advisers in asia , africa , and latin america , can anyone still doubt their single-minded determination to expand their power ?
0 :: except for minor adjustments , i believe that our program of benefits for veterans is now complete .
0 :: that is why my administration has worked tirelessly to forge a durable legal and policy framework to guide our counterterrorism operations .
0 :: they and those like them should be kept out of this country ; and if found here they should be promptly deported to the country whence they came ; and far-reaching provision should be made for the punishment of those who stay .
0 :: many civilians have been transferred from war agencies to their former peacetime agencies .
1 :: we should increase political stability of the world .
1 :: to accomplish this end we must have not company or regimental garrisons , but brigade and division garrisons .
1 :: we are anxious , first for their sakes , and next , because it relieves us of a great burden .
0 :: and i might say , employer based private insurance for every american was proposed 20 years ago by president richard nixon to the united states congress .
0 :: we started as an experiment in democracy fueled by europeans .
0 :: compensation is being paid in almost two million cases for disabilities or death .
1 :: we are now in the early stages of economic recovery following a short recession .
1 :: america must remain first in keeping peace in the world .
0 :: we 're seeing rededication to bedrock values of faith , family , work , neighborhood , peace , and freedom -- values that help bring us together as one people , from the youngest child to the most senior citizen .
1 :: i ask you to pass it now .
1 :: we will not entertain it .
0 :: in other words , all the cases under the statute which have now been decided would have been decided the same way if the court had originally accepted in its construction the rule at common law .
0 :: the human race now passes through one of its great crises .
1 :: innovation also demands basic research .
1 :: and if we work together , we can prove that public service is noble .
1 :: businesses plan to invest almost $ 100 billion in new factories that use natural gas .
1 :: immediate passage of the bill to regulate the expenditure of money in elections may seem to be less necessary than the immediate enactment of the other measures to which i refer , because at least two years will elapse before another election in which federal offices are to be filled ; but it would greatly relieve the public mind if this important matter were dealt with while the circumstances and the dangers to the public morals of the present method of obtaining and spending campaign funds stand clear under recent observation , and the methods of expenditure can be frankly studied in the light of present experience ; and a delay would have the further very serious disadvantage of postponing action until another election was at hand and some special object connected with it might be thought to be in the mind of those who urged it .
0 :: giving up power is hard .
0 :: in the past two years , i have proposed and congress has approved 110,000 new housing vouchers -- rent subsidies to help working families live closer to the workplace .
1 :: in that same spirit , i urge you to move forward with the henry jackson plan to implement the recommendations of the bipartisan commission on central america .
1 :: i therefore recommend that the congress appoint a small joint committee to consider offers , conduct negotiations , and report definite recommendations .
1 :: we should be following an almost universal example of modern governments if we were to draw the greater part or even the whole of the revenues we need from the income taxes .
0 :: the brady bill has already stopped 44,000 people with criminal records from buying guns .
1 :: only by actual handling and providing for men in masses while they are marching , camping , embarking , and disembarking , will it be possible to train the higher officers to perform their duties well and smoothly .
1 :: this year , the time has come when we must get to those who are last in line -- the hard-core unemployed -- the hardest to reach .
1 :: i believe the time has come to bring that investigation and the other investigations of this matter to an end .
1 :: our forces in china constitute 2,605 men , which we hope also further to reduce to the normal legation guard .
1 :: the new nato force will allow reconstruction and reconciliation to accelerate .
0 :: it is tragic that the gallant women who have volunteered for service as nurses should be so overworked .
1 :: the need for a program that will give everyone opportunity for medical care is obvious .
1 :: i hope and believe that the committees of the senate and house will address themselves to this matter with the most fruitful results , and i believe that the studies and recently formed plans of the department of agriculture may be made to serve them very greatly in their work of framing appropriate and adequate legislation .
0 :: they defend our flag abroad .
0 :: last january , most things were rapidly getting worse .
0 :: you and i know that if the playing field is level , america 's workers and farmers can outwork and outproduce anyone , anytime , anywhere .
1 :: and we will .
1 :: i trust that a law embodying in substance the views , or a major part of the views , exprest in the report on this subject laid before the house at its last session will be past .
0 :: our farms have been left producing for war while america has long been at peace .
0 :: and we have n't raised income taxes by a single dime on a single person .
1 :: it must return social security to sound financial footing .
0 :: in general , our relations with other countries can be said to have improved within the year .
1 :: to launch our national rebuilding , i will be asking congress to approve legislation that produces a $ 1 trillion investment in infrastructure of the united states , financed through both public and private capital , creating millions of new jobs .
1 :: it is desirable that these measures should be completed .
0 :: likewise the local authorities and the states are engaged everywhere in supplemental measures of relief .
1 :: let 's simplify the system and let a small-business owner file based on her actual bank statement , instead of the number of accountants she can afford .
1 :: its discontent has been unwisely expressed , and often improperly expressed , but there is a sound basis for it , and the orderly and law-abiding people of a community would be in a far stronger position for upholding the courts if the undoubtedly existing abuses could be provided against .
1 :: i strongly urge the congress to pass these measures to help create the productive , permanent jobs in the private economy that are so essential for our future .
1 :: we shall not fight isolated wars -- each nation going its own way .
1 :: the framework put in place over the last four years will enable us to do this .
0 :: we have repeatedly exercised this control by intervening in the course of domestic dissension , and by protecting the territory from foreign invasion .
0 :: it was irresponsible .
0 :: we are a strong , tight-knit family who has made it through some very , very hard times .
0 :: how many men who listen to me tonight have served their nation in other wars ?
1 :: and we can enlarge the family of free nations if we will defend the unalienable rights of all god 's children to follow their dreams .
0 :: and in the middle east recent soviet moves are hardly compatible with the reduction of international tension .
1 :: as a result of our efforts in 1978 , the equal rights amendment 's deadline for ratification was extended for three years .
1 :: no one can know for sure what direction these great countries will choose .
0 :: he helped to repel a second attack , firing grenades at the enemy 's position .
0 :: such temporary unemployment is probably unavoidable in a period of rapid change .
1 :: without delay , we must pass the hate crimes prevention act and the employment non-discrimination act .
1 :: in an economy that honors opportunity , all americans must be able to reap the rewards of prosperity .
0 :: yet , it is not merely our concern but the concern of all free men .
1 :: we continue to pursue these specific goals : first , to protect the present and long-range interests of the united states ; secondly , to preserve the lives of the american hostages and to secure , as quickly as possible , their safe release , if possible , to avoid bloodshed which might further endanger the lives of our fellow citizens ; to enlist the help of other nations in condemning this act of violence , which is shocking and violates the moral and the legal standards of a civilized world ; and also to convince and to persuade the iranian leaders that the real danger to their nation lies in the north , in the soviet union and from the soviet troops now in afghanistan , and that the unwarranted iranian quarrel with the united states hampers their response to this far greater danger to them .
0 :: that is as true today as it was in 1933 .
0 :: that has created a very large portion of our treasury deficits .
0 :: now america is embracing a new ethic and a new creed , `` let 's roll . ''
1 :: it is gratifying to observe that this additional protocol is being signed without objection , by the powers signatory to the original convention , and there is every reason to believe that the international prize court will be soon established .
1 :: it will not be easy to direct it any better than it will direct itself .
1 :: a preliminary diplomatic agreement has been reached regarding the arbitration of pecuniary claims which each government has against the other .
0 :: can you believe that a child who has a child gets more money from the government for leaving home than for staying home with a parent or a grandparent ?
1 :: let us summon the courage to seize it .
0 :: i would like to thank her for her courage and her commitment .
0 :: one encouraging fact evidencing this ability is the rate of progress we have achieved since we began to concentrate on these missiles .
0 :: the age of the $ 500 hammer and the ashtray you can break on david letterman is gone .
0 :: it is the most demoralizing factor in our public life .
1 :: without new , realistic measures , it will someday swamp our farmers and our taxpayers in a national scandal or a farm depression .
1 :: it seems to me that an increase in the amount of money now being annually expended in the improvement of the ohio river which has been formally adopted by congress would be in the interest of the public .
1 :: there are two ways in which the united states can assist to accomplish this great object .
1 :: the federal government probably has no peacetime authority to regulate wages , prices , or profits in coal at the mines or among dealers , but by ascertaining and publishing facts it can exercise great influence .
1 :: department of justice it is desirable that all the legal activities of the government be consolidated under the supervision of the attorney general .
1 :: later on , when other problems are solved , i shall make some recommendations about renewed consideration of our tax program , but for the immediate time before us we must be content with the billion dollar reduction in the tax draft upon the people , and diminished irritations , banished uncertainty and improved methods of collection .
0 :: it is true that many theorists , and others engaged in business violating the statute , have hoped that some such line could be drawn by courts ; but no court of authority has ever attempted it .
1 :: i profoundly believe that the future of our world is not to be found in authoritarianism : that wears the mask of order , or totalitarianism that wears the mask of justice .
0 :: third , what comfort can we take from the increasing strains and tensions within the communist bloc ?
0 :: as you will remember , i met with chairman kosygin at glassboro and we achieved if not accord , at least a clearer understanding of our respective positions after 2 days of meeting .
0 :: finally , we shifted our emphasis from defense to domestic problems while our adversaries continued a massive buildup of arms .
1 :: we believe that any talks should follow the san antonio formula that i stated last september , which said : -- the bombing would stop immediately if talks would take place promptly and with reasonable hopes that they would be productive .
1 :: i think this is a very fundamental issue that we , the congress and i , must jointly solve .
1 :: in a single stroke we will be accomplishing a realignment that will end cumbersome administration and spiraling costs at the federal level while we ensure these programs will be more responsive to both the people they 're meant to help and the people who pay for them .
0 :: i remind you that congress provided a joint commission of agricultural inquiry which made an exhaustive investigation of car service and transportation , and unanimously recommended in its report of october 15 , 1921 , the pooling of freight cars under a central agency .
1 :: i urge that speedy provision be made in order that we may install upon the zone a system of settling claims for injuries in best accord with modern humane , social , and industrial theories .
0 :: and of all our accomplishments , none can give us more satisfaction than knowing that our young people are again proud to wear our country 's uniform .
0 :: i was determined that it should ; i wanted the new president to get off on an easier start than i had .
0 :: deliveries of hard goods now amount to about a billion and a half dollars worth a month .
1 :: simply to name all the international meetings and conferences is to suggest the size and complexity of the undertaking to prevent international war in which the united states has now enlisted for the duration of history .
1 :: all these fences , those that are hurtful and those that are beneficial , are alike illegal and must come down .
0 :: i believe we are in agreement that the humanities illuminate the values underlying important personal , social , and national questions raised in our society by its multiple links to and increasing dependence on technology , and by the diverse heritage of our many regions and ethnic groups .
1 :: in the months ahead i know that i shall be able to cooperate with this congress .
0 :: tens of millions of americans live from paycheck to paycheck .
1 :: as to the situation in central america , i have taken occasion in the past to emphasize most strongly the importance that should be attributed to the consummation of the conventions between the republics of nicaragua and of honduras and this country , and i again earnestly recommend that the necessary advice and consent of the senate be accorded to these treaties , which will make it possible for these central american republics to enter upon an era of genuine economic national development .
0 :: our union was formed , our frontiers were pushed back , and our great industries were built by men who looked ahead .
1 :: it is unsafe and unwise not to provide this year for several additional battle ships and heavy armored cruisers , with auxiliary and lighter craft in proportion ; for the exact numbers and character i refer you to the report of the secretary of the navy .
1 :: third , we must develop our energy technology and resources so that the united states has the ability to supply a significant share of the energy needs of the free world by the end of this century .
0 :: i would oppose that , and i think most americans would .
1 :: bill for workers so i challenge congress to consolidate 70 overlapping , antiquated job-training programs into a simple voucher worth $ 2,600 for unemployed or underemployed workers to use as they please for community college tuition or other training .
1 :: we ca n't help you .
1 :: what we need to remedy now is whatever substantial loss of employment may have resulted from shifts since that time .
0 :: while the most visible military action is in afghanistan , america is acting elsewhere .
1 :: these reductions will not have their full effect on the revenue collected until the fiscal year 1948 .
1 :: or is it not the business of statesmen to treat these manifestations of unrest which meet us on every hand as evidences of an economic disorder and to apply constructive remedies wherever necessary , being sure that in the application of the remedy we touch not the vital tissues of our industrial and economic life ?
1 :: and we face such choices right now .
0 :: in other words , the whole system has been worked out with the greatest care .
0 :: we began limited air action against military targets in north vietnam .
1 :: we need to work together on tools like bipartisan trade promotion authority to protect our workers , protect our environment , and open new markets to new goods stamped `` made in the usa . ''
0 :: america is a strong nation and honorable in the use of our strength .
1 :: the end of government is to keep open the opportunity for a more abundant life .
1 :: our immediate priority must be to create jobs , create jobs now .
1 :: the proper place for an officer to learn his duty is at sea , and the only way in which a navy can ever be made efficient is by practice at sea , under all the conditions which would have to be met if war existed .
0 :: we have increased our judiciary by 40 percent and we have increased our prosecutors by 16 percent .
1 :: the world 's prognosis prescribes , in short , not a year 's vacation for us , but a year of obligation and opportunity .
0 :: mr. speaker , mr. vice president , members of the 105th congress , distinguished guests , my fellow americans : since the last time we met in this chamber , america has lost two patriots and fine public servants .
0 :: in my three budgets we not only arrested that dangerous decline , but we have established the positive trend which is essential to our ability to contribute to peace and stability in the world .
1 :: the report of the last coal commission should be brought forward , reconsidered , and acted upon .
1 :: the greatest nation on earth can not keep conducting its business by drifting from one manufactured crisis to the next .
0 :: the far east .
0 :: i venture to say that no legislative body has ever had presented to it a more complete and exhaustive report than this on so difficult and complicated a subject as the relative costs of wool and woolens the world over .
0 :: last april the army requirement for nurses was set at 50,000 .
0 :: we have deficits because big government spends too much .
0 :: and in spite of this , our farmers have contributed their share to the common effort by producing the greatest quantity of food ever made available during a single year in all our history .
1 :: it is not anticipated that the fund will require in cash any of the 950 million dollars during the fiscal years 1946 and 1947 .
1 :: i am assured of the willingness of almost all americans to respond to that call .
0 :: they did the one deed which if left undone would have meant that all else in our history went for nothing .
1 :: the masters of the kremlin live in fear their power and position would collapse were their own people to acquire knowledge , information , comprehension about our free society .
0 :: such a record makes the death rate in all our foreign wars utterly trivial by comparison .
1 :: it is not possible completely to prevent it ; and if it were possible , such complete prevention would do damage to the body politic .
0 :: modern information systems , data banks , credit records , mailing list abuses , electronic snooping , the collection of personal data for one purpose that may be used for another -- all these have left millions of americans deeply concerned by the privacy they cherish .
0 :: governments do not raise children , people do .
0 :: in time of high employment and a strong economy , deficit spending should not be a feature of our budget .
1 :: if the soviet government wants an agreement that truly reduces nuclear arms , there will be such an agreement .
0 :: as the plans have developed under their direction their doubts have been dispelled .
0 :: in the last half of the year now closing the railways , broken in carrying capacity because of motive power and rolling stock out of order , though insistently declaring to the contrary , embargoed his shipments or denied him cars when fortunate markets were calling .
1 :: while our army is small , prudence requires that it should be kept in a high state of efficiency and provided with such supplies as would permit of its immediate expansion .
1 :: on matters of justice , we must trust in the wisdom of our founders and empower judges who understand that the constitution means what it says .
0 :: as americans , we do n't mind paying our fair share of taxes as long as everybody else does too .
0 :: economic changes in recent years have been often so rapid and far-reaching that areas committed to a single local resource or industrial activity have found themselves temporarily deprived of their markets and their livelihood .
0 :: one of the chief reasons for building the canal was to set up this competition and to bring the two shores closer together as a practical trade problem .
1 :: serious trouble threatens us if we can not do better than we are now doing as regards securing the services of a sufficient number of the highest type of sailormen , of sea mechanics .
0 :: as our economy has grown , we have rid more than 500 neighborhoods of toxic waste and ensured cleaner air and water for millions of families .
1 :: together , we 've agreed to cut the deficit by more than $ 2 trillion .
1 :: and we know they wait with us tonight for some response that could lead to peace .
0 :: every american community will benefit from the construction or modernization of schools , libraries , hospitals , and nursing homes , from the training of more nurses and from the improvement of urban renewal in public transit .
1 :: we are working with european allies to make clear to the iranian regime that it must give up its uranium enrichment program and any plutonium reprocessing and end its support for terror .
0 :: the present coverage of the social security laws is altogether inadequate ; the benefit payments are too low .
0 :: next to the united states , europe is the largest workshop in the world .
1 :: if there is a frontier , we cross it .
0 :: i 'm proud of the job they are doing , and i know you share that pride .
1 :: it is possible so to frame a statute that while it offers protection to a federal company against harmful , vexatious , and unnecessary invasion by the states , it shall subject it to reasonable taxation and control by the states with respect to its purely local business .
1 :: if anyone expects just a proud recitation of the accomplishments of my administration , i say let 's leave that to history ; we 're not finished yet .
1 :: if it is not reached , the labor board may very well be left for the present to protect the public welfare .
0 :: we have strengthened the rights of employed women by consolidating and strengthening enforcement of sex discrimination laws under the eeoc , by expanding employment rights of pregnant women through the pregnancy disability bill , and by increasing federal employment opportunities for women through civil service reform , and flexi-time and part-time employment .
1 :: the immediate result of the present situation will necessarily be activity by all the companies under different managers , and then competition must follow , or there will be activity by one company and stagnation by another .
0 :: someone even said our workers are lazy and uninspired .
1 :: and we will stay until aggression has stopped .
1 :: i am convinced that the best possible disposition can be made by direct authorization of the congress .
1 :: to help meet this goal , we 're launching a national export initiative that will help farmers and small businesses increase their exports , and reform export controls consistent with national security .
1 :: and now it is up to those of us in this room to deliver for them .
1 :: if you disagree with parts of it , i hope you 'll at least work with me where you do agree .
1 :: in the middle east the spirit of good will toward all , unfortunately , has not yet taken hold .
1 :: mankind then will see more clearly than ever that the future belongs , not to the concept of the regimented atheistic state , but to the people -- the god-fearing , peace-loving people of all the world .
1 :: we hope that we are not again at the threshold of such an era .
1 :: we should maintain the policy of constantly working toward the full treaty strength of the navy .
1 :: but it is particularly regrettable to allow any such jealousy to be developed when we are dealing either with our insular or with foreign affairs .
0 :: in korea the forces of the united nations turned hack the chinese communist invasion-and did it without widening the area of conflict .
1 :: we should continue to foster this system and provide all the facilities necessary for adequate care .
1 :: let 's all do that .
1 :: but i want to ask the sportsmen and others who lawfully own guns to join us in this campaign to reduce gun violence .
1 :: and every one of you should make that solemn pledge .
1 :: perhaps the most fundamental change the new direction i propose offers is its focus on the future and its investment which i seek in our children .
0 :: i also know speaker ryan has talked about his interest in tackling poverty .
1 :: we must be , as we were in the beginning , a new nation .
0 :: chaos is their greatest ally in this struggle .
1 :: even under favorable conditions several years must elapse before such lines can be put into operation .
1 :: the question whether we can afford to help other nations that want to defend their freedom but can not fully do so from their own means , has only one answer : we can and we must , we have been doing so since 1947 .
0 :: scrupulous attention has been paid to maintaining local control of educational policy , spurring the maximum amount of local effort , and to avoiding undue stress on the physical sciences at the expense of other branches of learning .
1 :: so let this be the year we end welfare as we know it .
1 :: our river and harbor improvement should be continued in accordance with the present policy .
1 :: such loans as are wisely needed to assist buying stock and other materials to start in this direction should be financed through a government agency as a temporary and emergency expedient .
0 :: today , the federal minimum wage is worth about twenty percent less than it was when ronald reagan first stood here .
1 :: if anyone tells you america 's best days are behind her , they 're looking the wrong way .
1 :: but they have an obligation : when they 're doing well , to keep jobs in our communities and give their workers a fair share of the prosperity they generate .
1 :: any attempt to carry on the great executive departments of the government without this law would inevitably result in chaos .
0 :: the home army simultaneously with the foregoing steps the war department has been proceeding with the reorganization of the army at home .
0 :: finally , the chorus became an earthquake , and the people turned out by the tens of millions , and they were all united by one very simple , but crucial demand , that america must put its own citizens first , because only then can we truly make america great again .
0 :: the principles for which we are fighting in korea are right and just .
0 :: as i said in my last message to the congress , we can not have too much immigration of the right sort and we should have none whatever of the wrong sort .
1 :: and i rather hope that all these figures which i have given will become common knowledge in germany and japan .
1 :: as a complement to these initiatives , efforts to provide financial assistance in regulatory proceedings to citizen groups , small businesses , and others whose participation is limited by their economic circumstances must continue to be pursued .
1 :: going projects and investigations of potential new resource developments will be continued .
1 :: world prosperity also requires that we do all we can to expand world trade .
1 :: what kind of society , what kind of world are we building for them ?
1 :: we must also renew our commitment to america 's diplomacy and pay our debts and dues to international financial institutions like the world bank -- and to a reforming united nations .
1 :: 4407 to repeal 50.3 billion dollars of appropriations and authorizations .
1 :: it should , therefore , receive reasonable aid from the government .
1 :: the challenge begins in our homes , with parents talking to their children openly and firmly .
0 :: in the first three quarters of 1976 , that growth rate had been cut to 2 percent .
1 :: the organizations of ex-service men have proposed additional legislative changes which you will consider , but until the new law and the modifications made at the last session of congress are given a more thorough test further changes in the basic law should be few and made only after careful though sympathetic consideration .
0 :: the railway strike accentuated the difficulty of the american farmer .
1 :: the maintenance of our forces on the other side of the sea is still necessary .
0 :: according to data provided by the department of justice , the vast majority of individuals convicted of terrorism and terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country .
1 :: legislation should be enacted to provide machinery whereby unsettled disputes concerning the interpretation of an existing agreement may be referred by either party to final and binding arbitration .
0 :: we have been at peace for four uninterrupted years .
1 :: that is why , even as it cuts back on the programs we do n't need , the budget i submit will invest in the three areas that are absolutely critical to our economic future : energy , health care , and education .
0 :: there has been no inflation in the prices of commodities ; there has been no undue accumulation of goods , and foreign trade has expanded to a magnitude which exerts a steadying influence upon activity in industry and employment .
1 :: the country demands results .
0 :: grants to the states for maternal and child welfare services have been increased .
0 :: i have been assisted by my friend every step of the way , vice president hubert humphrey .
1 :: it remains essential to the security of america .
1 :: there can be no such thing as fortress america .
1 :: next , let us remove a financial specter facing our older americans : the fear of an illness so expensive that it can result in having to make an intolerable choice between bankruptcy and death .
1 :: i presume it is impossible , without an amendment to the constitution , to unite under one form of action the proceedings at common law and proceedings in equity in the federal courts , but it is certainly not impossible by a statute to simplify and make short and direct the procedure both at law and in equity in those courts .
0 :: fifty years of isolating cuba had failed to promote democracy , setting us back in latin america .
1 :: twenty-first century businesses , including small businesses , need to sell more american products overseas .
1 :: because of the high prosperity in germany and austria , the number of immigrants from those countries will be reduced .
1 :: with shared values and meaningful opportunities and honest communications and citizen service , we can unite a diverse people in freedom and mutual respect .
0 :: a president 's hardest task is not to do what is right , but to know what is right .
0 :: but i know that the american people are still sick and tired of federal paperwork and redtape .
0 :: 1 in math and science .
0 :: and we are seeing some encouraging signs .
1 :: we 've already reduced our planned defense expenditures by nearly a hundred billion dollars over the past 4 years and reduced projected spending again this year .
1 :: and we will continue to speak out for the cause of freedom in places like cuba , belarus , and burma , and continue to awaken the conscience of the world to save the people of darfur .
1 :: the federal government must do its part to meet this need .
0 :: of course , it 's not enough for us to increase student aid .
0 :: i have asked this bipartisan commission to review our proposals for federal action to cope with the gathering crisis of school finance and property taxes .
1 :: the golden rule should be , and as the world grows in morality it will be , the guiding rule of conduct among nations as among individuals ; though the golden rule must not be construed , in fantastic manner , as forbidding the exercise of the police power .
0 :: its repeal has been recommended by the treasury and post office departments .
0 :: in the case of intermediate-range nuclear forces , we have proposed the complete elimination of the entire class of land-based missiles .
0 :: these are large and general standards , but they are not very difficult of application to particular cases .
1 :: i urge you to pass association health plans .
0 :: almost all the rivers of northern china have become uncontrollable , and very dangerous to the dwellers along their banks , as a direct result of the destruction of the forests .
1 :: they are not yet defeated , and we can still expect tough fighting ahead .
0 :: math scores have risen in nearly all grades .
0 :: american air lines now reach into canada and mexico , to cuba , porto rico , central america , and most of the important countries of south america .
1 :: moreover , while in the long run voluntary efforts will prove more efficacious than government assistance , while the farmers must primarily do most for themselves , yet the government can also do much .
1 :: our purpose in the persian gulf remains constant : to drive iraq out from kuwait , to restore kuwait 's legitimate government , and to insure the stability and security of this critical region .
1 :: in order to meet as many demands of the emergency situation as possible , a program of emergency measures is now being formulated for action .
1 :: laura will travel across america , to promote sound teaching practices and early reading skills in our schools and in programs such as head start .
0 :: it will be noted that one of them lasted for nearly three years before it was quelled ; another for nearly a year .
1 :: in my opinion the management should not be required to pay all these expenses .
0 :: with the enormous outlay that is now being made in behalf of the veterans and their dependents , with a tremendous war debt still requiring great annual expenditure , with the still high rate of taxation , while every provision should be made for the relief of the disabled and the necessary care of dependents , the congress may well consider whether the financial condition of the government is not such that further bounty through the enlargement of general pensions and other emoluments ought not to be postponed .
1 :: i do not doubt that our urban and other perplexing problems can be solved in the traditional american method .
1 :: well if there are , let 's talk about them and let 's do them .
0 :: immigration restriction of immigration has from every aspect proved a sound national policy .
0 :: last june the estimates showed a threatened deficit for the current fiscal year of $ 94,000,000 .
0 :: `` the tragedy was terrible , '' said one of the men who helped them rebuild .
0 :: the federal government has provided services , equipment , and supplies probably amounting to about $ 7,000,000 more .
0 :: the tools of government which we had in 1933 are outmoded .
0 :: we are many .
1 :: enrollments are going to double in our colleges in the short space of 10 years .
1 :: lost ground can always be regained -- lost time never .
0 :: that 's a better politics .
1 :: it does not supersede our inalienable sovereign right and duty of national defense or undertake to commit us before the event to any mode of action which the congress might decide to be wise if ever the treaty should be broken .
0 :: in view of the work already accomplished by the sanitary district of chicago , an agency of the state of illinois , which has constructed the most difficult and costly stretch of this waterway and made it an asset of the nation , and in view of the fact that the people of illinois have authorized the expenditure of $ 20,000,000 to carry this waterway 62 miles farther to utica , i feel that it is fitting that this work should be supplemented by the government , and that the expenditures recommended by the special board of engineers on the waterway from utica to the mouth of the illinois river be made upon lines which while providing a waterway for the nation should otherwise benefit that state to the fullest extent .
0 :: the united states in its treaty of 1903 with china obtained a pledge from the latter to introduce a uniform national coinage , and the following year , at the request of china , this government sent to peking a member of the international exchange commission , to discuss with the chinese government the best methods of introducing the reform .
0 :: today there are 1,700 .
0 :: tonight , i report that the state of our union is better -- in many ways a lot better -- but still not good enough .
1 :: an important present source of danger to our economy is the possibility that prices might be raised to such an extent that the consuming public could not purchase the tremendous volume of goods and services which will be produced during 1947 .
1 :: i want to focus on the next five years , ten years , and beyond .
1 :: i have spoken plainly because this seems to me the time when it is most necessary to speak plainly , in order that all the world may know that , even in the heat and ardor of the struggle and when our whole thought is of carrying the war through to its end , we have not forgotten any ideal or principle for which the name of america has been held in honor among the nations and for which it has been our glory to contend in the great generations that went before us .
0 :: and that 's why we 've excluded lobbyists from policy-making jobs or seats on federal boards and commissions .
1 :: this is not an impossible dream .
0 :: this task has been so thoroughly accomplished that yellow fever has been virtually extirpated from the isthmus and general health conditions vastly improved .
0 :: since my last communication to the congress on this subject special commercial agreements under the third section of the tariff act have been proclaimed with portugal , with italy , and with germany .
0 :: it forbade the practices that had been followed to a greater or less extent by the executive heads of various departments for twenty years .
0 :: the rate of expansion in construction has broken all records .
0 :: again , there is no more legitimate tax for any state than a tax on the franchises conferred by that state upon street railroads and similar corporations which operate wholly within the state boundaries , sometimes in one and sometimes in several municipalities or other minor divisions of the state .
0 :: the first conversion of deposits into united states bonds bearing interest at the rate of 2.5 per cent occurred on july 1 , 1911 , the amount of deposits exchanged being $ 41,900 , or a little more than 6 per cent of the total outstanding certificates of deposit on june 30 .
1 :: we desire to see europe restored that it may resume its productivity in the increase of industry and its support in the advance of civilization .
1 :: if you think about it , we permit businesses to deduct their investment , we permit individuals to deduct interest on their home mortgages , but today an education is even more important to the economic well-being of our whole country than even those things are .
1 :: i am especially solicitous that foreign nations should comprehend the candor and sincerity with which we have adopted this position .
1 :: thanks to the courage of these military and civilian personnel , a nation that was once a safe haven for al qaeda is now a young democracy where boys and girls are going to school , new roads and hospitals are being built , and people are looking to the future with new hope .
1 :: a very great service could be rendered through immediate enactment of legislation relieving the people of some of the burden of taxation .
0 :: all natural factors favored this dense forest growth , and as long as it was permitted to exist the plains at the foot of the mountains were among the most fertile on the globe , and the whole country was a garden .
0 :: in them both we turn our backs upon hesitation and makeshift and formulate a genuine policy of use and conservation , in the best sense of those words .
1 :: we are acutely short of electric power , although the means for developing such power are abundant .
0 :: we are now ordering fighter aircraft which are priced at fifty times as much as the fighters of world war ii .
0 :: muscle shoals the last year has seen considerable changes in the problem of muscle shoals .
1 :: we are supporting a world organization to keep peace and a world economic policy to create prosperity for mankind .
1 :: if we are to have peace in the last third of the century , a major factor will be the development of a new relationship between the united states and the soviet union .
1 :: it is out of the question , if the present principle of promotion by mere seniority is kept , to expect to get the best results from the higher officers .
1 :: that is the first necessity of national stability and is the foundation of further recovery .
1 :: to build a future of quality health care , we must trust patients and doctors to make medical decisions and empower them with better information and better options .
0 :: my administration was able to launch a long sought after psychological readjustment and outreach program , unprecedented in its popularity , sensitivity and success .
1 :: the people of the two territories have made it evident by their votes that they will not come in as one state .
1 :: and under my plan , as soon as i 've signed the bill , this extra money will start showing up in workers ' paychecks .
1 :: furthermore , as i pointed out last year , the pressing nature of this problem must not lead us to solutions outside the bounds of sound fiscal management .
0 :: we take off our hats to all the loyal , anonymous , untiring men and women who have worked in private employment and in government and who have endured rationing and other stringencies with good humor and good will .
0 :: we have finished a difficult year .
1 :: there need not be the slightest fear of our not continuing to give them all the liberty for which they are fit .
1 :: additional benefit will accrue from the development of our inland waterways .
0 :: japan 's declarations in favor of the integrity of the chinese empire and the conservation of open world trade therewith have been frank and positive .
1 :: in the coming year , we 'll also work to rebuild people 's faith in the institution of government .
0 :: for the soviet-chinese disagreement is over means , not ends .
0 :: let us begin by challenging our conventional wisdom .
0 :: and over the past 5 years , our businesses have created more than 11 million new jobs .
0 :: we must not go back to the days of `` the hollow army '' .
0 :: there are those who say that the old spirit of '76 is dead -- that we no longer have the strength of character , the idealism , the faith in our founding purposes that that spirit represents .
1 :: i think that it is generally agreed that there should be a systematic reorganization and reassembling of its parts so as to secure greater efficiency and effect considerable savings in expense .
1 :: it is our purpose to help the peace-loving peoples of europe to live together as good neighbors , to recognize their common interests and not to nurse their traditional grievances against one another .
0 :: the enemy of the san jose scale was found near the great wall of china , and is now cleaning up all our orchards .
0 :: in 1946 , the average income of farm people was $ 779 , contrasted with an average income of $ 1,288 for nonfarm people .
0 :: above all , we have the vigor of free men in a free society .
1 :: to provide the critical stability for our domestic energy production in the face of world price uncertainty , i will request legislation to authorize and require tariffs , import quotas , or price floors to protect our energy prices at levels which will achieve energy independence .
0 :: the graduates of these schools turn out well in the great majority of cases , and hardly any of them become criminals , while what little criminality there is never takes the form of that brutal violence which invites lynch law .
0 :: the most careful provisions are made in the statute as to the qualifications of judges .
1 :: tonight , i think we should begin by sending a message to their families and their friends that we celebrate their lives , and give thanks for their service to our nation .
0 :: i have therefore appointed a tariff board consisting of three members and have directed them to perform all the duties above described .
1 :: specifically , i propose that we commit 60 percent of the budget surplus for the next 15 years to social security , investing a small portion in the private sector just as any private or state government pension would do .
0 :: they have been months crowded with events of immense and grave significance for us .
1 :: they planned for the future .
1 :: it is fundamental of our institutions that they seek to guarantee to all our inhabitants the right to live their own lives under the protection of the public law .
0 :: the ownership of vast properties or the organization of thousands of workers creates a heavy obligation of public service .
1 :: taken as a whole we must all go up or down together .
0 :: the exports are greater than they have ever been before , the total for the fiscal year 1900 being $ 1,394,483,082 , an increase over 1899 of $ 167,459,780 , an increase over 1898 of $ 163,000,752 , over 1897 of $ 343,489,526 , and greater than 1896 by $ 511,876,144 .
0 :: i can not find better words than those used by president eisenhower that evening .
0 :: we are the spokesmen of the american people , and they have a right to know whether their purpose is ours .
1 :: as for smaller countries , we certainly do not want any of them .
1 :: this year presents an apparent exception .
0 :: throughout , we have kept congress fully informed of our efforts .
0 :: and to make sure all teachers know the subjects they teach , tonight i propose a new teacher quality initiative -- to recruit more talented people into the classroom , reward good teachers for staying there , and give all teachers the training they need .
1 :: in negotiating these agreements , we intend to seek settlements which will not encumber world trade through war debts of a character that proved to be so detrimental to the stability of the world economy after the last war .
1 :: wherever sacrifices have been made of money , it will be more than amply returned in better understanding and friendship , while in so far as these adjustments will contribute to the financial stability of the debtor countries , to their good order , prosperity , and progress , they represent hope of improved trade relations and mutual contributions to the civilization of the world .
0 :: the welfare of women and children is being especially guarded by our department of labor .
1 :: the country is developing rapidly , and it has an assured future .
1 :: in an effort to assure full opportunity and free competition to business we will vigorously enforce the anti-trust laws .
1 :: but we have to act with more urgency because a changing climate is already harming western communities struggling with drought , and coastal cities dealing with floods .
0 :: it does n't work if we think the people who disagree with us are all motivated by malice , or that our political opponents are unpatriotic .
0 :: the government of the united states had occasion to accord permission for the passage of a body of mexican rurales through douglas , arizona , to tia juana , mexico , for the suppression of general lawlessness which had for some time existed in the region of northern lower california .
0 :: many of the policies which were necessary and right then are obsolete today .
1 :: but the world has grown so small and weapons of attack so swift that no nation can be safe in its will to peace so long as any other powerful nation refuses to settle its grievances at the council table .
0 :: afghanistan dramatizes the vastly increased military power of the soviet union .
0 :: it means every morning millions of americans go to work without any health insurance at all -- something the workers in no other advanced country in the world do .
1 :: the federal courts must of course decide ultimately what are the respective spheres of state and nation in connection with any law , state or national , and they must decide definitely and finally in matters affecting individual citizens , not only as to the rights and wrongs of labor but as to the rights and wrongs of capital ; and the national government must always see that the decision of the court is put into effect .
1 :: we have made progress in trade negotiations and avoided protectionism during recession .
0 :: direct disbursements to the veteran or his dependents exceeding $ 21,000,000 have resulted , which otherwise would not have been made .
0 :: many people watching tonight can probably remember a time when finding a good job meant showing up at a nearby factory or a business downtown .
0 :: in their efforts , their enterprise , and their character , the american people are showing that the state of our union is confident and strong .
1 :: in referring to budget cuts , there is one area where i have ordered an increase rather than a cut -- and that is the requests of those agencies with the responsibilities for law enforcement .
1 :: the energy security act also provides significant incentives for the development of gasohol and biomass fuels , thereby enhancing the nation 's supply of alternative energy sources .
1 :: this unity ties together , and it towers over all our efforts here in washington , and it serves as an inspiring beacon for all of us who are elected to serve .
1 :: because republicans and democrats approved the new start treaty , far fewer nuclear weapons and launchers will be deployed .
0 :: of the major energy proposals i submitted 2 years ago , only half , belatedly , became law .
1 :: but there are several other points that i would like to make directly to you .
0 :: the mere absence of recession is not growth .
0 :: when gouverneur morris was asked to draft the preamble to our new constitution , he offered an important revision and opened with words that changed the course of our nation and the history of the world : `` we the people . ''
0 :: a great debt is owing from the public to the men of the army and navy .
1 :: our economy is not getting older and weaker ; it 's getting younger and stronger .
0 :: demands for airplanes and motors have taxed both the industry and the licensing and inspection service of the department of commerce to their capacity .
1 :: the body politic can not be sound and healthy if many of its constituent members claim their standing through the prostitution of the high right and calling of citizenship .
0 :: already the corrosive process has begun .
0 :: ( d ) small business and competition .
1 :: it is desirable that the congress should provide for the appointment of delegates to represent the government of the united states .
1 :: these regimes could use such weapons for blackmail , terror , and mass murder .
0 :: but for most of us alive today , in a very real sense this journey began 43 years ago , when a woman named rosa parks sat down on a bus in alabama and would n't get up .
0 :: surely it is a proper and pertinent part of my report on `` the state of the union '' to express my admiration for the diligence , the good temper , and the full comprehension of public duty which has already been manifested by both the houses ; and i hope that it may not be deemed an impertinent intrusion of myself into the picture if i say with how much and how constant satisfaction i have availed myself of the privilege of putting my time and energy at their disposal alike in counsel and in action .
1 :: i see an america in which we have checked inflation , and waged a winning war against crime .
1 :: key provisions of the patriot act are set to expire next year .
1 :: to protect the public and innocent third parties from unfair and coercive practices such as boycotting and blackmail picketing .
1 :: they have my hearty approval , as i am sure they will have yours , and i can not be wrong in the conviction that they correctly represent the sentiments of the whole american people .
1 :: we must face accomplished facts , and the adjustment of factory conditions must be made , but surely it can be made with less friction and less harmful effects on family life than is now the case .
1 :: that there may be secured the best service possible in the philippine islands , i have issued , under date of november 30 , 1900 , the following order : the united states civil service commission is directed to render such assistance as may be practicable to the civil service board , created under the act of the united states philippine commission , for the establishment and maintenance of an honest and efficient civil service in the philippine islands , and for that purpose to conduct examinations for the civil service of the philippine islands , upon the request of the civil service board of said islands , under such regulations as may be agreed upon by the said board and the said united states civil service commission .
1 :: for the first time the representatives of practically all the civilized countries of the world united in a temperate and kindly discussion of the methods by which the causes of war might be narrowed and its injurious effects reduced .
0 :: year after year , saddam hussein has gone to elaborate lengths , spent enormous sums , taken great risks to build and keep weapons of mass destruction .
1 :: in the long run , these starts -- some rewarding , others inadequate and disappointing -- are crucial to success .
0 :: well , sometimes , even here in washington , the cynics are wrong .
0 :: but they should n't lose what they 've already worked so hard to build .
1 :: we are negotiating an agreement with the afghan government that focuses on two missions : training and equipping afghan forces so that the country does not again slip into chaos , and counter-terrorism efforts that allow us to pursue the remnants of al qaeda and their affiliates .
1 :: the farmers and the government will henceforth work together as real partners in this field , where we now begin to see our way very clearly and where many intelligent plans are already being put into execution .
0 :: not a shot was fired by a single man on the isthmus in the interest of the colombian government .
0 :: the wife-beater , for example , is inadequately punished by imprisonment ; for imprisonment may often mean nothing to him , while it may cause hunger and want to the wife and children who have been the victims of his brutality .
1 :: in the present period of transition we must deal with such temporary unemployment as results from the fact that demobilization will proceed faster than reconversion or industrial expansion .
1 :: i think it will send a very clear signal to the american people .
1 :: this country needs an all-out , all-of-the-above strategy that develops every available source of american energy -- a strategy that 's cleaner , cheaper , and full of new jobs .
0 :: we have all agreed to stabilize the medicare trust fund .
1 :: steps should be taken immediately for the establishment of a rural parcel post .
0 :: this challenge to us is more than a military challenge .
0 :: at year 's end , people were again being hired much faster than they were being laid off .
0 :: for all programs discussed in this message i estimate the total of budget appropriations and authorizations ( including reappropriations and permanent appropriations ) at 30,982 million dollars for the fiscal year 1947 .
1 :: i know it will be difficult to tackle welfare reform in 1994 at the same time we tackle health care .
0 :: it is expressed by all who know the irresistible force of a child 's hand , of a friend who stands by you and stays there -- a volunteer 's generous gesture , an idea that is simply right .
1 :: the true end of every great and free people should be self-respecting peace ; and this nation most earnestly desires sincere and cordial friendship with all others .
1 :: government by continuing resolution , or government by crisis , will not do .
0 :: the government of france ratified the agreement with us on july 27 , 1929 .
0 :: you know , the world could never be quite the same again after jacob shallus , a trustworthy and dependable clerk of the pennsylvania general assembly , took his pen and engrossed those words about representative government in the preamble of our constitution .
1 :: the total estimated receipts for the year 1916 , on the assumption that the emergency revenue measure passed by the last congress will not be extended beyond its present limit , the thirty-first of december , 1915 , and that the present duty of one cent per pound on sugar will be discontinued after the first of may , 1916 , will be $ 670,365,500 .
0 :: we are a confident nation .
1 :: all requests will reflect the steadfast purpose of this administration to pursue peace , based on justice .
0 :: we have resumed normal relations with the new governments of brazil , argentina , peru , and bolivia immediately upon evidence that they were able to give protection to our citizens and their property , and that they recognized their international obligations .
1 :: a special `` commission on housing and health conditions in the national capital '' would not only bring about the reformation of existing evils , but would also formulate an appropriate building code to protect the city from mammoth brick tenements and other evils which threaten to develop here as they have in other cities .
1 :: tom harkin and george miller have a bill to fix that by lifting the minimum wage to $ 10.10 .
0 :: the nation 's business is never finished .
0 :: i just told the speaker the equal time doctrine 's alive and well .
0 :: for we are fighting on the same side with the british people , who fought alone for long , terrible months , and withstood the enemy with fortitude and tenacity and skill .
1 :: but it can not omit to begin .
0 :: the budget i propose to you also supports the people who keep our country strong and free , the men and women who serve in the united states military .
1 :: i would n't let them do it then ; i wo n't let them do it now or in the future .
0 :: the existing one is inadequate , and everyone who has studied the question admits it .
0 :: last month , osama bin laden released a tape in which he railed against iraqi tribal leaders who have turned on al qaeda and admitted that coalition forces are growing stronger in iraq .
1 :: it 'll have its first impact on the 1978 crops .
1 :: i 'm also calling on congress to continue down the path of earmark reform .
1 :: and a responsibility to obey the law .
1 :: the development of natural gas will create jobs and power trucks and factories that are cleaner and cheaper , proving that we do n't have to choose between our environment and our economy .
0 :: to relieve the land of the burdens that came from the war , to release to the individual more of the fruits of his own industry , to increase his earning capacity and decrease his hours of labor , to enlarge the circle of his vision through good roads and better transportation , to lace before him the opportunity for education both in science and in art , to leave him free to receive the inspiration of religion , all these are ideals which deliver him from the servitude of the body and exalt him to the service of the soul .
0 :: with the approval of this congress , we have undertaken in the past year a great new effort in outer space .
1 :: and i shall recommend plans for a massive attack to end this adult illiteracy .
1 :: in the foreseeable future they are not likely to be significantly lower .
1 :: it does not seem that the authority to give advisory opinions interferes with the independence of the court .
0 :: i thank you , mr. vice president , and i thank you especially , tipper , for what you 're doing .
1 :: the killers will fail , and the iraqi people will live in freedom .
1 :: the less they are , the more the people can work for themselves .
1 :: the government can not successfully insure prosperity or fix prices by legislative fiat .
0 :: the american people have worked too hard , for too long , rebuilding from one crisis to see their elected officials cause another .
0 :: prices of agricultural products dealt in upon the great markets have been affected in sympathy with the stock crash .
1 :: so let 's get immigration reform done this year .
0 :: before the recession , the factory only made luxury yachts .
0 :: the speed with which we recovered from this savage attack was largely possible because we have one supreme commander in complete control of all the allied armies in france .
0 :: here are the results of your efforts : the lowest unemployment rate in over five years .
0 :: a strike of telegraph operators seriously interfered with telegraphic communication , causing great damage to business interests and serious inconvenience to the general public .
0 :: it was a graduated tax ; though small in amount , the rate was increased with the amount left to any individual , exceptions being made in the case of certain close kin .
0 :: as franklin roosevelt once reminded americans , `` each age is a dream that is dying , or one that is coming to birth . ''
1 :: the marked forward thrust of our economy reaffirms our confidence in competitive enterprise .
1 :: it 's the right thing to do .
1 :: we 'll be deliberate ; yet , time is not on our side .
1 :: the role of the federal government as we approach our third century of independence should not be to dominate any facet of american life , but rather to aid and encourage people , communities and institutions to deal with as many of the difficulties and challenges facing them as possible , and to help see to it that every american has a full and equal opportunity to realize his or her potential .
0 :: now the floods have carried destruction all over the land and the valley is a stony desert .
0 :: these conditions have been the cause of uneasiness in european diplomacy , but thus far without direct political concern to the united states .
1 :: in reality , the future security of america depends on it .
1 :: second , we must not relax our efforts to restore military strength just as we near our goal of a fully equipped , trained , and ready professional corps .
0 :: the provisions of the law lately enacted are being executed as fast as the practical difficulties of an orderly and stable development permit .
1 :: the farmer will be greatly benefited by similar action in many states .
1 :: so , i ask your help in assisting more communities to break the bondage of dependency .
1 :: it is neither safe nor proper to leave the question of polygamy to be dealt with by the several states .
0 :: you see this spirit often if you know where to look , and tonight we need only look above to the gallery .
1 :: international consultation and widespread hope for the bettering of relations between the nations gave to all of us a reasonable expectation that the barriers to mutual confidence , to increased trade , and to the peaceful settlement of disputes could be progressively removed .
0 :: this is shocking evidence that large sections of the population are at substandard levels of health .
1 :: that 's not just bad policy , it 's wrong and we ought to change it .
1 :: my decision not to recommend additional tax reductions at this time is made in the light of existing economic conditions and prospects .
0 :: franklin roosevelt said we `` are determined to do everything possible to maintain peace on this hemisphere . ''
1 :: the scientific bureaus generally should be put under the department of agriculture .
1 :: we must increase funding for weapons modernization by the year 2000 .
1 :: to return the visit of the special embassy announcing the accession of his majesty mehemet v , emperor of the ottomans , i sent to constantinople a special ambassador who , in addition to this mission of ceremony , was charged with the duty of expressing to the ottoman government the value attached by the government of the united states to increased and more important relations between the countries and the desire of the united states to contribute to the larger economic and commercial development due to the new regime in turkey .
0 :: the causes of homelessness are many ; the history is long .
1 :: the estimated surplus , however , for june 30 , 1928 , is not much larger than is required in a going business of nearly $ 4,000,000,000 .
0 :: designed to check inflation in earlier years , it now checks growth instead .
1 :: in the meantime the municipal and departmental governments will continue to report to the military governor and be subject to his administrative supervision and control , under your direction , but that supervision and control will be confined within the narrowest limits consistent with the requirement that the powers of government in the municipalities and departments shall be honestly and effectively exercised and that law and order and individual freedom shall be maintained .
1 :: tell the american farmer who feeds his country and the world .
0 :: some of our vital heavy materials come increasingly from canada .
0 :: the major concern of each of us should be the promotion of collective security , not the advancement of individual security .
1 :: i urge the congress promptly to approve our participation in its construction .
0 :: it has reflected a normal american impatience to get on with the job .
1 :: let 's prove to them and to ourselves that democracy works even in an election year .
0 :: veterans the nation has generously expanded its care for veterans .
0 :: it has to do with more than agriculture .
0 :: in doing so we must realize that nothing is really solved and ruinous tendencies are set in motion by yielding to the deceptive bait of the `` easy '' federal tax dollar .
1 :: still another avenue may be found in the field of disarmament , in which the soviets have professed a readiness to negotiate seriously .
1 :: for five years now , we have met the challenge of these changes as americans have at every turning point in our history , by renewing the very idea of america , widening the circle of opportunity , deepening the meaning of our freedom , forging a more perfect union .
1 :: so situated , they can use their armies and their economic power to set up simultaneously a whole series of threats -- or inducements -- to such widely dispersed places as western germany , iran , and japan .
0 :: the great insurance companies afford striking examples of corporations whose business has extended so far beyond the jurisdiction of the states which created them as to preclude strict enforcement of supervision and regulation by the parent states .
0 :: taking into account the factors i have mentioned , i believe that present federal expenses are not far out of line with pre-war expenses .
0 :: on the other hand , there are localities and individuals who have had one of their most prosperous years .
1 :: the question is simply whether or not we shall have an isthmian canal .
0 :: great progress has been made in the repatriation of displaced persons and of prisoners of war .
0 :: classification of postmasters a trial , during the past three years , of the system of classifying fourth-class postmasters in that part of the country lying between the mississippi river on the west , canada on the north , the atlantic ocean on the east , and mason and dixon 's line on the south has been sufficiently satisfactory to justify the postal authorities in recommending the extension of the order to include all the fourth-class postmasters in the country .
0 :: moreover , the earnings and savings of our wage earners are no longer depreciating in value .
1 :: but its face ought always to be turned upward , its vision ought always to be fixed on high .
0 :: at the dawn of the last century , theodore roosevelt said , `` the one characteristic more essential than any other is foresight .
0 :: of course , if there 's one thing this new century has taught us , it 's that we can not separate our work here at home from challenges beyond our shores .
0 :: that 's why we 've set aside more public lands and waters than any administration in history .
0 :: the ships must be kept together , and their objective made the enemies ' fleet .
1 :: therefore the partisan membership may well be abolished , and decisions should be made by an impartial tribunal .
1 :: this ought to be remedied by appropriate legislation .
1 :: we ought to do it at once .
1 :: so tonight , we set a new goal : we will double our exports over the next five years , an increase that will support two million jobs in america .
1 :: none of us can finish the race alone .
1 :: many concessions and adjustments will be required .
1 :: our concern for the well-being of farm families demands that we constantly search for new ways by which they can share more fully in our unprecedented prosperity .
1 :: the states with the best ideas to create jobs and lower energy bills by constructing more efficient buildings will receive federal support to help make it happen .
1 :: out of the discussion of various proposals which can be had before the committees of agriculture some measure ought to be perfected which would be generally satisfactory .
1 :: in the general fund , which is wholly separate from the reserve and trust funds , there was on november 30 , $ 70,090,073.15 in gold coin and bullion , to which should be added $ 22,957,300 in gold certificates subject to issue , against which there is held in the division of redemption gold coin and bullion , making a total holding of free gold amounting to $ 93,047,373.15 .
0 :: already a movement has been started by prominent negroes , encouraged by prominent white people and the press .
1 :: we have every desire to help .
1 :: of course ample means must be provided for enabling the personnel of the navy to be brought to the highest point of efficiency .
1 :: our third challenge is to help every american who is willing to work for it , achieve economic security in this new age .
0 :: we realize the common bond of humanity .
1 :: globalization is about more than economics .
0 :: over the past four years the family and medical leave law has helped millions of americans to take time off to be with their families .
0 :: expenditures relating to the war are still high .
1 :: the difficulty of amending the constitution is so great that only real necessity can justify a resort thereto .
0 :: indeed , from every quarter of the civilized world we received , at the time of the president 's death , assurances of such grief and regard as to touch the hearts of our people .
1 :: unless the price control act is renewed there will be no limit to which our price levels would soar .
1 :: one effect of this method of assessment would be that , regardless of the rate of duty , there would be an increase in the supply and variety of wool by making available to the american market wools of both low and fine quality now excluded .
1 :: and we will expand our commitment to charter schools .
1 :: i hope to goodness before i finish i can think of something to say 'follow the senate ' on so i 'll be out of trouble !
1 :: yet essential federal tasks remain to be done .
1 :: as temperatures cool , i want everyone to take another look at the plan we 've proposed .
0 :: al qaeda and its followers are sunni extremists , possessed by hatred and commanded by a harsh and narrow ideology .
0 :: the influence of the united states in bringing near the settlement of an ancient dispute between south american nations is added proof of the glow of peace in ample understanding .
1 :: we are extremely deficient in coaling stations and docks on the pacific , and this deficiency should not longer be permitted to exist .
1 :: i also ask this congress to support our efforts to enlist colleges and universities to reach out to disadvantaged children starting in the sixth grade so that they can get the guidance and hope they need so they can know that they , too , will be able to go on to college .
1 :: every family should build a decent home .
1 :: in addition we shall continue to protect and improve our national forests , parks , monuments and other natural and historic sites , as well as our fishery and wildlife resources .
1 :: during this decade , highway investments will be needed to increase productivity , particularly in the elimination of bottlenecks , provide more efficient connections to ports and seek low-cost solutions to traffic demand .
1 :: we have taken the role of leadership in launching a serious and hopeful dialog between the industrial world and the developing world .
1 :: we are now carefully reviewing our policies in both wars , and i will soon announce a way forward in iraq that leaves iraq to its people and responsibly ends this war .
1 :: even more than the programs i have described today , what this nation needs is an example from its elected leaders in providing the spiritual and moral leadership which no programs for material progress can satisfy .
1 :: i understood from you in washington that gen. aleshire said that you could probably meet all the additional expense of this whole movement out of the present appropriations if the troops continue in texas for three months .
1 :: america 's duty is familiar .
1 :: tonight i ask you to consider another group of americans in need of help .
1 :: and millions of additional american families will be removed from the income tax rolls entirely .
1 :: of this , however , $ 153,000,000 is offset by increased cash balances .
1 :: send me a bill that bans insider trading by members of congress , and i will sign it tomorrow .
0 :: private capital and private management are entitled to adequate reward for efficiency , but business must recognize that its reward results from the employment of the resources of the nation .
0 :: thank you .
0 :: during the same period our national security needs were steadily shortchanged .
1 :: its report ought to make it easier for us to determine what methods will be best suited to our own farmers .
1 :: corporations engaged in interstate commerce should be regulated if they are found to exercise a license working to the public injury .
0 :: the tribunal constituted at the hague by the governments of the united states and venezuela has completed its deliberations and has rendered an award in the case of the orinoco steamship company against venezuela .
0 :: this is a fact : strength in the pursuit of peace is no vice ; isolationism in the pursuit of security is no virtue .
1 :: i am heartened that we are not being asked to bear alone the financial burden of this struggle .
1 :: it is imperative that we give all necessary aid within our means to the people who have borne the ravages of war .
1 :: the war , the rinderpest , the locusts , the drought , and the cholera have been united as causes to prevent a return of the prosperity much needed in the islands .
0 :: our culture lives in every community , and every community has places of historic value that tell our stories as americans .
1 :: taking , as a point of departure , the imperial edict appointing earl li hung chang and prince ching plenipotentiaries to arrange a settlement , and the edict of september 25 , whereby certain high officials were designated for punishment , this government has moved , in concert with the other powers , toward the opening of negotiations , which mr. conger , assisted by mr. rockhill , has been authorized to conduct on behalf of the united states .
1 :: as a result of the investigation the department , after giving the subject careful consideration , decided to urge the abandonment of the present plan of fixing compensation on the basis of the weight of the mails carried , a plan that has proved to be exceedingly expensive and in other respects unsatisfactory .
1 :: i welcome your views , as i have welcomed working with you for 30 years as a colleague and as vice president and president .
0 :: to the farmers of america , we appreciate the bounty you provide .
1 :: and so , we will insist on fair trade rules in international markets as a part of a national economic strategy to expand trade , including the successful completion of the latest round of world trade talks and the successful completion of a north american free trade agreement with appropriate safeguards for our workers and for the environment .
1 :: humanity with all its fears , with all the hopes of future years , is hanging breathless on thy fate ! ''
1 :: well i do n't think american elections should be bankrolled by america 's most powerful interests , or worse , by foreign entities .
1 :: this is the year to decide .
0 :: much of the attack on the use of the process of injunction is wholly without warrant ; but i am constrained to express the belief that for some of it there is warrant .
1 :: measures to prevent delay and unnecessary cost of litigation .
0 :: we have practically relieved the farmer of any federal income tax .
0 :: corruption is never so rife as in communities where the demagog and the agitator bear full sway , because in such communities all moral bands become loosened , and hysteria and sensationalism replace the spirit of sound judgment and fair dealing as between man and man .
1 :: it will be remembered that during the second session of the last congress great britain , germany , and italy formed an alliance for the purpose of blockading the ports of venezuela and using such other means of pressure as would secure a settlement of claims due , as they alleged , to certain of their subjects .
0 :: the greater part of the necessary preliminary work has been done .
0 :: legislatively and administratively we took several billions out of the economy .
1 :: today , i propose a tax credit to speed the development of vaccines for diseases like malaria , tb and aids .
1 :: in recent years , under the stress of the vietnam war , legislative restrictions on the president 's ability to execute foreign policy and military decisions have proliferated .
1 :: we 'll need congress to protect more than three million jobs by finishing transportation and waterways bills this summer .
1 :: the congress will soon receive my comprehensive proposals to enhance our competitiveness , including new science and technology centers and strong new funding for basic research .
0 :: he carried with him a message of peace and friendship , and of strong desire for good understanding and mutual helpfulness ; and he was everywhere received in the spirit of his message .
1 :: in order to bring about a full understanding of duties and responsibilities as thus distributed , i purpose to invite the governors of the states and territories , at an early opportunity , to a conference with the federal executive authority .
1 :: we are removing debris , repairing highways , and building stronger levees .
1 :: this has been made possible in part through the service of the federal board for vocational education , which is cooperating with the states in a program to increase the technical knowledge and skill of the wage earner .
0 :: let 's stick to facts !
1 :: in other words , a model employers ' liability act , far-reaching and thoroughgoing , should be enacted which should apply to all positions , public and private , over which the national government has jurisdiction .
1 :: all that is necessary is that the courts as a whole should exercise this power with the farsighted wisdom already shown by those judges who scan the future while they act in the present .
1 :: the object of the proposed legislation is , in brief , to enable the executive to apply , as the case may require , to any or all commodities , whether or not on the free list from a country which discriminates against the united states , a graduated scale of duties up to the maximum of 25 per cent ad valorem provided in the present law .
0 :: also , during 1980 we initiated and carried out a withdrawal from our nuclear weapons stockpile in europe of 1,000 nuclear warheads .
0 :: this transformation has been brought to pass in the seven years from alamogordo to eniwetok .
1 :: we need a national goal .
1 :: in furtherance of my invitation , a special commission visited european countries during the past summer , and received assurance of hearty cooperation in the task of bringing together a universal industrial , military , and naval display on an unprecedented scale .
0 :: there was a good growth in business profits and investments , the source of more jobs for our workers , and a higher standard of living for all our people .
0 :: the actual disbursements for the year ending june 30 , 1910 , exclusive of the panama canal and the postal service disbursements , were $ 659,705,391.08 , making a decrease of $ 5,567,393.19 in yearly expenditures in the year 1911 under that of 1910 .
0 :: we are american . ''
0 :: there was a considerable decrease in the output for may and june owing partly to the advent of the rainy season and partly to temporary trouble with the steam shovel men over the question of wages .
1 :: i 've asked the secretary of state to visit europe next week and to consult with our allies on the wide range of challenges and opportunities we face together , including east-west relations .
1 :: a sustained high level of consumer purchases is a basic ingredient of a prosperous economy .
1 :: but only congress can pass a patients ' bill of rights for all americans .
1 :: so this proposal is that while we have this problem and this emergency in vietnam , while we are trying to meet the needs of our people at home , your government asks for slightly more than one-fourth of that tax cut each year in order to try to hold our budget deficit in fiscal 1968 within prudent limits and to give our country and to give our fighting men the help they need in this hour of trial .
1 :: i have approved the execution of the plan proposed because of the greater efficiency and economy it promises .
1 :: above all , we must meet the challenges of inflation as a united people .
1 :: we should have this information before creating further obligations for retirement annuities which will become liabilities to be met in the future from the money of the taxpayer .
0 :: we must learn from the mistakes of the past .
0 :: of these rights the most fundamental , and one on which the fulfillment of the others in large degree depends , is the `` right to a useful and remunerative job in the industries or shops or farms or mines of the nation . ''
0 :: i can not praise too highly the cheerful work of the civil service employees , and of those temporarily working for the government .
1 :: further desperate attempts may well be made to break our lines , to slow our progress .
1 :: the work itself will cover a wide field including clearance of slums , which for adequate reasons can not be undertaken by private capital ; in rural housing of several kinds , where , again , private capital is unable to function ; in rural electrification ; in the reforestation of the great watersheds of the nation ; in an intensified program to prevent soil erosion and to reclaim blighted areas ; in improving existing road systems and in constructing national highways designed to handle modern traffic ; in the elimination of grade crossings ; in the extension and enlargement of the successful work of the civilian conservation corps ; in non-federal works , mostly self-liquidating and highly useful to local divisions of government ; and on many other projects which the nation needs and can not afford to neglect .
1 :: i hope that such a law will be prepared and enacted as speedily as possible .
0 :: she 'd been steadily employed since she was a teenager .
1 :: this is a goal that every american who 's ever struggled with a tax form can understand .
1 :: real reform means strong border security , and we can build on the progress my administration has already made -- putting more boots on the southern border than at any time in our history , and reducing illegal crossings to their lowest levels in 40 years .
1 :: starting in fiscal 1984 , the federal government will assume full responsibility for the cost of the rapidly growing medicaid program to go along with its existing responsibility for medicare .
1 :: there should be no extravagance , and the believers in the need of irrigation will most benefit their cause by seeing to it that it is free from the least taint of excessive or reckless expenditure of the public moneys .
1 :: the strength of our national defense must be restored so that we can pursue prosperity and peace and freedom while maintaining our commitment to the truly needy .
0 :: they were created by people who had a background of self-government .
1 :: the red cross can relieve the cases of individual distress by the sympathetic assistance of our people .
0 :: millions of individuals and corporations are making a direct contribution to the national treasury which runs from 11/2 to 25 per cent of their income , besides a number of special requirements , like automobile and admission taxes .
0 :: legislation this is the last session of the seventy-first congress .
0 :: we have helped parents to succeed at work and at home -- with family leave , which 20 million americans have used to care for a newborn child or a sick loved one .
1 :: and i think that berlin and rome and tokyo , which had such contempt for the obsolete methods of democracy , would now gladly use all they could get of that same brand of madness .
0 :: the menace exists not only in the slum areas of the very large cities , but in many smaller cities as well .
0 :: its most striking new development is the extension of rural free delivery .
1 :: hence putting the government directly into business , subsidies , and price fixing , and the alluring promises of political action as a substitute for private initiative , should be avoided .
0 :: in 1979 the interior department held six ocs lease sales , the greatest number ever , which resulted in federal receipts of $ 6.5 billion , another record .
1 :: from adversity , let us seize opportunity .
1 :: we will choose to build our prosperity by leading the world economy , or shut ourselves off from trade and opportunity .
1 :: a special commission also is investigating the problem of petroleum oil for the navy , considering the best policy to insure the future supply of fuel oil and prevent the threatened drainage of naval oil reserves .
1 :: a definite program for putting people to work , of which i shall speak in a moment , is a component part of this greater program of security of livelihood through the better use of our national resources .
1 :: we have to cut the deficit because the more we spend paying off the debt , the less tax dollars we have to invest in jobs and education and the future of this country .
1 :: warning systems constantly improve .
1 :: through americorps , our national service program , this year 25,000 young people will earn college money by serving their local communities to improve the lives of their friends and neighbors .
0 :: in 2005 , the world watched as the citizens of lebanon raised the banner of the cedar revolution .
1 :: in the middle east , we are contributing our good offices to maintain the momentum of the current negotiations and to keep open the lines of communication among the middle eastern leaders .
1 :: i shall propose a sweeping new program that will assure comprehensive health insurance protection to millions of americans who can not now obtain it or afford it , with vastly improved protection against catastrophic illnesses .
0 :: of course the best type of education for the colored man , taken as a whole , is such education as is conferred in schools like hampton and tuskegee ; where the boys and girls , the young men and young women , are trained industrially as well as in the ordinary public school branches .
1 :: in one of the chinese-japanese conventions of september 4 of this year there was a provision which caused considerable public apprehension in that upon its face it was believed in some quarters to seek to establish a monopoly of mining privileges along the south manchurian and antung-mukden railroads , and thus to exclude americans from a wide field of enterprise , to take part in which they were by treaty with china entitled .
1 :: as workers increase their hours and their productivity , employers should make sure they get the skills they need and share the benefits of the good years , as well as the burdens of the bad ones .
1 :: in any serious crisis the united states must rely for the great mass of its fighting men upon the volunteer soldiery who do not make a permanent profession of the military career ; and whenever such a crisis arises the deathless memories of the civil war will give to americans the lift of lofty purpose which comes to those whose fathers have stood valiantly in the forefront of the battle .
1 :: we would save useful mechanical invention , machine production , industrial efficiency , modern means of communication , broad education .
0 :: there are still governments that sponsor and harbor terrorists , but their number has declined .
1 :: the difficulties of the country demand undiminished efforts toward economy in government in every direction .
0 :: but before the united nations could give full expression to the concept of international security embodied in the charter , it was essential that the five permanent members of the security council honor their solemn pledge to cooperate to that end .
1 :: the officers and men alike should be kept as much as possible on blue water , for it is there only they can learn their duties as they should be learned .
1 :: all this , be it remembered , would not increase our navy , but would merely keep it at its present strength .
0 :: we answered these questions in a series of forward steps at every level of government and in many spheres of private life .
1 :: they want to kill americans , kill democracy in the middle east , and gain the weapons to kill on an even more horrific scale .
1 :: the progress there is unmistakable ; but it is not yet irreversible .
0 :: our oldest alliances in europe and asia are stronger than ever .
1 :: such a change in park management would result in economy and avoid the difficulties of administration which now arise from having the responsibility of care and protection divided between different departments .
1 :: every realist knows that the democratic way of life is at this moment being directly assailed in every part of the world -- assailed either by arms , or by secret spreading of poisonous propaganda by those who seek to destroy unity and promote discord in nations that are still at peace .
1 :: the negotiations which have been undertaken for the amelioration of the conditions found in liberia by the american commission , whose report i transmitted to congress on march 25 last , are being brought to conclusion , and it is thought that within a short time practical measures of relief may be put into effect through the good offices of this government and the cordial cooperation of other governments interested in liberia 's welfare .
0 :: the average rate of interest on the debt is now a little under 2 percent .
1 :: the landing of aliens as well as citizens upon the islands , without a permit from the department of commerce and labor , for any purpose except in case of stress of weather or for water , should be prohibited under adequate penalties .
1 :: lifelong learning must benefit not just young high school graduates but workers , too , throughout their career .
0 :: prior to that time and in continuation of the policy of this government to secure the cooperation of the interested nations , the united states proposed an international opium conference with full powers for the purpose of clothing with the force of international law the resolutions adopted by the above-mentioned commission , together with their essential corollaries .
1 :: and i have directed vice president cheney , commerce secretary evans , energy secretary abraham , and other senior members of my administration to recommend a national energy policy .
1 :: the government should , however , provide reliable information as a guide to private effort ; and in this connection fundamental research on prospective supply and demand , as a guide to production and marketing , should be encouraged .
0 :: recent action by the congress has permitted some expansion of the school lunch program .
1 :: but a disarmament proposal , to hold real promise , must at the minimum have one feature : reliable means to ensure compliance by all .
1 :: it is poor business to spend money for inland navigation unless we get it .
1 :: further cut-backs and accelerated demobilization have made possible an additional reduction in the rate of war spending .
1 :: we have to do more to make health care available to every american .
0 :: in the field of reclamation alone , over 50 new projects , or project units , have been authorized since 1953 -- including the billion dollar colorado river storage project .
0 :: it works grim hardship to the ordinary wage-worker and his family to have the effect of such an accident fall solely upon him ; and , on the other hand , there are whole classes of attorneys who exist only by inciting men who may or may not have been wronged to undertake suits for negligence .
0 :: it has been and still is a hard time for many .
0 :: some financial firms violate major anti-fraud laws because there 's no real penalty for being a repeat offender .
1 :: work is going forward on the merger of european national forces on the continent into a single army .
0 :: we had a disappointing year in the housing industry in 1975 .
0 :: the final estimates for the year ending june 30 , 1912 , as they have been sent to the treasury , on november 29 of this year , for the ordinary expenses of the government , including those for public buildings , rivers and harbors , and the navy building program , amount to $ 630,494,013.12 .
0 :: the countries which have received marshall plan aid have been able , through hard work , to expand their productive strength-in many cases , to levels higher than ever before in their history .
1 :: someday you could be in this room , but wherever you are , america is depending on you to reach your highest and be your best -- because here in america , we the people are in charge .
0 :: and i have found -- as i am sure you have , in your travels -- that people everywhere , in spite of occasional disappointments , look to us -- not to our wealth or power , but to the splendor of our ideals .
1 :: this sends a terrible message : you will never get ahead .
1 :: i think these are proud and memorable days in the cause of peace and freedom .
1 :: the other pressing challenge is immigration .
0 :: on august 14 i called a conference of the governors of the most acutely affected states , and as a result of its conclusions i appointed a national committee comprising the heads of the important federal agencies under the chairmanship of the secretary of agriculture .
1 :: this means we must send weapons in large volume to our european allies .
0 :: it was plain from the record , however , that the contracts complained of in those cases would not have been deemed reasonable at common law .
1 :: mr. president , mr. speaker , members of the eighty-third congress : it is a high honor again to present to the congress my views on the state of the union and to recommend measures to advance the security , prosperity , and well-being of the american people .
1 :: we saw the volunteers of the `` cajun navy , '' racing to the rescue with their fishing boats to save people in the aftermath of a devastating hurricane .
0 :: it has been our fortune both to preach and promote international understanding .
1 :: i welcome this occasion to announce to the congress my purpose to join in paris the representatives of the governments with which we have been associated in the war against the central empires for the purpose of discussing with them the main features of the treaty of peace .
1 :: i have called your attention in these quotations to what i have already said because i am satisfied that it is the duty of the national government to embody in action the principles thus expressed .
0 :: our manufacturing capacity has risen to 7,500 planes per annum .
1 :: a world economic recovery is underway .
0 :: the forces of freedom are united .
1 :: let 's limit any elected official from owning stocks in industries they impact .
0 :: flights for other purposes exceed 22,000 miles each day .
1 :: the shocks to our economic life have undoubtedly been multiplied by the weakness of this system , and until they are remedied recovery will be greatly hampered .
1 :: it is all the people of south vietnam want .
0 :: from the very beginning public education has been left mainly in the hands of the states .
1 :: this program is the cornerstone of our efforts to maintain the fiscal health of our nation 's local government .
0 :: the farmer had no opportunity for special training until the congress made provision for it forty years ago .
1 :: i will not back down from protecting our kids from mercury pollution , or making sure that our food is safe and our water is clean .
1 :: just three words : we the people -- those are the kids on christmas day looking out from a frozen sentry post on the 38th parallel in korea or aboard an aircraft carrier in the mediterranean .
1 :: one reason is that you 're patriots , and you want the best for your country .
1 :: but we need to do more .
1 :: so i also must now call on you to finish the job both houses began last year , by passing tough and meaningful campaign finance reform and lobby reform legislation this year .
0 :: so while some have moved on from the debates over our surveillance programs , i have not .
1 :: federal assistance can not mean permanent subsidies for unprofitable operations .
1 :: as standards rise , local schools will need more flexibility to meet them .
1 :: think of it .
0 :: with few exceptions , very few , we are holding the fiscal 1969 budget to last year 's level , outside of those mandatory and required increases .
1 :: these negotiations have been complex and difficult , but they have already made significant progress , and it is vital that the two sides , with our assistance , see the process through to a successful conclusion .
0 :: we remain too near the nassau decisions , and too far from their full realization , to know their place in history .
1 :: it is a definite basis for a kind of world attainable in our own time and generation .
1 :: you know , now since every person in america counts , every american ought to be counted .
0 :: to give a single illustration of our many efforts in these fields : we have been a participant in the effort that has been made over the past few years against one of the great scourges of mankind -- disease .
0 :: they embrace tyranny and death as a cause and a creed .
1 :: these words remind us that the duty of our generation of americans is to renew our nation 's faith , not focused just against foreign threats but against the threats of selfishness , cynicism , and apathy .
0 :: rather it is the outgrowth of the experience of america , and expresses the faith and spirit of our people .
0 :: even today we are flying as much lend-lease material into china as ever traversed the burma road , flying it over mountains 17,000 feet high , flying blind through sleet and snow .
1 :: it does not rest upon a lack of intelligent appreciation of the necessity of meeting changing and changed conditions of trade with new methods , nor upon ignorance of the fact that combination of capital in the effort to accomplish great things is necessary when the world 's progress demands that great things be done .
1 :: in january of 2006 , seniors can get prescription drug coverage under medicare .
0 :: by our actions , we have shown what kind of nation we are .
1 :: it will require continuation of rent control in shortage areas as well as legislation to permit control of sales prices .
1 :: the dynamic of democracy is the power and the purpose of the individual , and the policy of this administration is to give to the individual the opportunity to realize his own highest possibilities .
1 :: how the tempting resources of the country are to be exploited is another matter , to which i shall take the liberty of from time to time calling your attention , for it is a policy which must be worked out by well-considered stages , not upon theory , but upon lines of practical expediency .
1 :: while we propose to maintain defensive and supplementary police forces by land and sea , and to train them through inspections and maneuvers upon appropriate occasions in order to maintain their efficiency , i wish every other nation to understand that this does not express any unfriendliness or convey any hostile intent .
0 :: the present estimated margin between public receipts and expenditures for this fiscal year is very small .
1 :: yet as we act to win the war , protect our people , and create jobs in america , we must act , first and foremost , not as republicans , not as democrats but as americans .
1 :: governments must recognize the right of men collectively to bargain for humane objects that have at their base the mutual protection and welfare of those engaged in all industries .
1 :: to ignore aggression now would only increase the danger of a much larger war .
1 :: as the third part of our program , we will continue to work for peaceful settlements in international disputes .
1 :: but neither do i believe in the government flinching from overseeing any work when it becomes evident that abuses are sure to obtain therein unless there is governmental supervision .
0 :: we have enhanced our readiness and combat endurance by improving the reserve components .
1 :: the unfinished work of the first session must be completed -- the higher education act , the juvenile delinquency act , conservation measures to save the redwoods of california , and to preserve the wonders of our scenic rivers , the highway beautification act -- and all the other measures for a cleaner , and for a better , and for a more beautiful america .
0 :: the budget total for the current fiscal year is now estimated at 67.2 billion dollars , of which more than two-thirds provides for war and war liquidation .
0 :: over the years -- i wo n't count if you do n't -- nothing has been so heartwarming to me as speaking to america 's young , and the little ones especially , so fresh-faced and so eager to know .
1 :: this , in the final analysis , is the only way to halt the communist drive to world power .
0 :: negotiations with other lend-lease countries are in progress .
0 :: approximately 25,000 units especially designed for the elderly have been built , started , or approved in the past three years .
1 :: without trying to manage their internal affairs , we can insure that these countries do not re-arm .
1 :: and so it can be for another 50 years .
1 :: provision is made for the elimination of 134 positions during the coming year .
1 :: but there would be no aggression in that ; and such a situation , inevitable , because of distrust , would in the very nature of things sooner or later cure itself , by processes which would assuredly set in .
1 :: and i know that with all the lobbying and horse-trading , this process left most americans wondering what 's in it for them .
1 :: we 're seeking all the facts .
0 :: panama has done her part .
1 :: but few people would hold to that picture today .
1 :: the interests involved are of great importance to the american fishing industry , and the final settlement of the controversy will remove a source of constant irritation and complaint .
1 :: last year an amendment was incorporated in the measure providing for the secret service , which provided that there should be no detail from the secret service and no transfer therefrom .
1 :: or will it continue to expand its military power far beyond its genuine security needs , and use that power for colonial conquest ?
0 :: this must be america 's new direction .
1 :: the free nations of the world have retained their allegiance to that idea .
0 :: in 1975 , i am glad to report , federal agents seized substantially more heroin coming into our country than in 1974 .
1 :: values are important , so we have tripled funding for character education to teach our children not only reading and writing , but right from wrong .
1 :: it is a matter of interest to americans to note the success which is attending the efforts of china to establish gradually a system of representative government .
1 :: we must strengthen our lead in technology .
1 :: and we 're making it easier for vets to translate their training and experience into civilian jobs .
1 :: there is no ground for apprehension that our relations with any nation will be otherwise than peaceful .
1 :: to try to force such tribes too fast is to prevent their going forward at all .
0 :: it is because of this circumstance that national tax reduction has a very large indirect benefit upon the farmer , though it can not relieve him from the very great burden of the local taxes which he pays directly .
1 :: the superiority of the united nations in munitions and ships must be overwhelming -- so overwhelming that the axis nations can never hope to catch up with it .
0 :: we enter 1973 economically strong , militarily secure and , most important of all , at peace after a long and trying war .
0 :: in these efforts they naturally look for assistance to the federal library , which , though still the library of congress , and so entitled , is the one national library of the united states .
0 :: as always , the credit belongs to the american people .
1 :: we must be particularly vigilant against racial discrimination in any of its ugly forms .
1 :: if we are seeking that opportunity , we might as well declare that we are opposed to supporting any court .
1 :: we americans have only begun on our mission of goodness and greatness .
1 :: the first principle in securing the objective set out by congress in building up the american merchant marine upon the great trade routes and subsequently disposing of it into private operation can not proceed with effectiveness until the entire functions of the board are reorganized .
0 :: it is also a time when man 's power of mass destruction has reached fearful proportions .
0 :: it is not true that as the rich have grown richer the poor have grown poorer .
1 :: i know that in the face of such evil , it is hard for the people in the middle east to go forward .
0 :: tonight the cup of peril is full in vietnam .
0 :: monetary conditions are also easing .
0 :: you in the congress have provided the resources for our defense and cast the difficult votes of war and peace .
0 :: the control of them ought to approximate a military government .
1 :: we must walk ever in the knowledge that we are enriched by a heritage earned in the labor and sacrifice of our forebears ; that , for our children 's children , we are trustees of a great republic and a time-tested political system ; that we prosper as a cooperating member of the family of nations .
1 :: there can be no certain prospect of peace in america until gen. huerta has surrendered his usurped authority in mexico ; until it is understood on all hands , indeed , that such pretended governments will not be countenanced or dealt with by-the government of the united states .
0 :: various plans have recently been proposed by expert committees of bankers .
1 :: in a previous address to the congress i called to your attention the insufficiency of power to enforce the decisions of the railroad labor board .
1 :: and if your employer is providing good benefits at reasonable prices , that should continue too .
1 :: the talk about preserving to the misery-hunted beings who make contracts for such service their `` liberty '' to make them , is either to speak in a spirit of heartless irony or else to show an utter lack of knowledge of the conditions of life among the great masses of our fellow-countrymen , a lack which unfits a judge to do good service just as it would unfit any executive or legislative officer .
1 :: in the written message that i have just delivered to the speaker and to the president of the senate , i commented that one of the continuing challenges facing us in the legislative process is that of the timing and pacing of our initiatives , selecting each year among many worthy projects those that are ripe for action at that time .
0 :: during the year just past , the phase of the indian question which has been most sharply brought to public attention is the larger legal significance of the indian 's induction into citizenship .
1 :: i would not underestimate our differences , but we are moving with precision and purpose from an era of confrontation to an era of negotiation .
1 :: the past year has been marked in our relations with china by the conclusion of two important international loans , one for the construction of the hukuang railways , the other for carrying out of the currency reform to which china was pledged by treaties with the united states , great britain , and japan , of which mention was made in my last annual message .
0 :: parents have a right to know whether their children are mastering the basics .
1 :: it demands collective efforts to meet this new threat to security in the persian gulf and in southwest asia .
1 :: as we do these things , before us is a future filled with opportunity and hope .
1 :: the peace we make must remedy that wrong .
1 :: that is why our support for human rights in other countries is in our own national interest as well as part of our own national character .
1 :: the only serious question is whether at this time we can afford to improve our ocean mail service as it should be improved .
1 :: those who do not pay tax on social security now will not be affected by this plan .
1 :: for this we can fight , but for nothing less noble or less worthy of our traditions .
1 :: i therefore recommend that the commission be composed as follows : twelve to be chosen by the congress from members of both parties in the house and the senate , and eight representing the public , management and labor , to be appointed by the president .
0 :: advances in science , in communication , in transportation , have compressed the world into a community .
1 :: in october last the monarchy in portugal was overthrown , a provisional republic was proclaimed , and there was set up a de facto government which was promptly recognized by the government of the united states for purposes of ordinary intercourse pending formal recognition by this and other powers of the governmental entity to be duly established by the national sovereignty .
1 :: desiring at all times to abstain from any undue mingling in the affairs of sister republics and having faith in the ability of the governments of peru and bolivia themselves to settle their differences in a manner satisfactory to themselves which , viewed with magnanimity , would assuage all embitterment , this government steadily abstained from being drawn into the controversy and was much gratified to find its confidence justified by events .
0 :: they are america 's treasures .
0 :: after all , we have the best workers and the best products .
1 :: i favor the establishment of such a court intended to include the whole world .
0 :: it completed two major country studies this year in addition to its annual report .
0 :: now , there 's a new face at this place of honor tonight .
1 :: the promise of our future is limitless .
1 :: it is most desirable to encourage thrift and ambition , and a potent source of thrift and ambition is the desire on the part of the breadwinner to leave his children well off .
1 :: wherever waste is found , i will eliminate it .
0 :: i first called attention of the congress in 1929 to this condition , and i have unceasingly recommended remedy since that time .
1 :: we must continue the advance by supporting discipline in our schools , vouchers that give parents freedom of choice ; and we must give back to our children their lost right to acknowledge god in their classrooms .
1 :: they do n't expect those of us in this chamber to agree on every issue .
1 :: your government , assisted by the leaders in american labor and business , is now exploring ways to increase peaceful trade with these countries and with the soviet union .
1 :: community development the partnership among federal , state and local governments to revitalize our nation 's communities has been a high priority of my administration .
1 :: recent agreements between turkey and pakistan have laid a foundation for increased strength in the middle east .
1 :: the navy , including the marine corps , will average 571,000 officers and men during the fiscal year 1948 .
1 :: such an increase , together with needed adjustments in the pay for the top career positions , is also necessary to the equitable completion of the federal pay program initiated last year .
1 :: on the contrary , it is everywhere and always the interest of the permanent settler and the permanent business man , the man with a stake in the country , which must be considered and which must decide .
0 :: but our people during those twelve years refused to make any preparations whatever , regarding either the army or the navy .
1 :: do you believe we can create more jobs over the long run by cleaning the environment up ?
0 :: the presence of the national capital and other governmental structures constitutes the chief beauty and interest of the city .
1 :: the power of injunction is a great equitable remedy , which should on no account be destroyed .
0 :: the humanities in recently reauthorizing federal appropriations for the national endowment for the humanities , the congress has once again reaffirmed that `` the encouragement and support of national progress and scholarship in the humanities .
0 :: we have solemnly dedicated ourselves and all our will to the success of the united nations organization .
1 :: but these demands will of course fall much below what a continuation of military operations would have entailed and six billions should suffice to supply a sound foundation for the financial operations of the year .
0 :: this has not been a simple or a static relationship .
1 :: in the vital matter of taking care of children , much advantage could be gained by a careful study of what has been accomplished in such states as illinois and colorado by the juvenile courts .
1 :: the possibility of further tax reductions must depend on the budgetary situation and the economic situation .
1 :: now , as then , there are those who say it ca n't be done .
1 :: america will support with moral and material assistance your right not just to fight and die for freedom but to fight and win freedom -- to win freedom in afghanistan , in angola , in cambodia , and in nicaragua .
1 :: the sum of the estimates of the expenditures for that same year , exclusive of panama canal disbursements and postal disbursements payable from postal revenues , is $ 732,000,000 , indicating a deficit of $ 22,000,000 .
1 :: we must continue our efforts to achieve the full realization of our democratic ideals .
1 :: it is hoped and expected that the commission will suggest legislation which will enable us to put in the place of the present wasteful and sometimes unjust system of employers ' liability a plan of compensation which will afford some certain and definite relief to all employees who are injured in the course of their employment in those industries which are subject to the regulating power of congress .
1 :: we can not afford to cut ourselves off from the brilliant talents and minds of scientists in friendly countries .
1 :: i believe that first second , and third class postmasters , and without covering in the present membership the field force of prohibition enforcement , should be brought within the classified service by statute law .
1 :: unless our expenditures can be kept within the revenues then our revenue laws must be readjusted .
0 :: the congress deserves america 's thanks for helping us restore pride and credibility to our military .
1 :: since we really mean it , and since we 're serious about being ready to meet our challenge , we 're getting our own house in order .
0 :: a severe conflict followed at tientsin , in which colonel liscurn was killed .
0 :: there 's never been a better time to build , especially since the construction industry was one of the hardest-hit when the housing bubble burst .
1 :: whatever they are , america wants them stopped .
1 :: the cities of panama and colon are not embraced in the canal zone , but the united states assumes their sanitation and , in case of need , the maintenance of order therein ; the united states enjoys within the granted limits all the rights , power , and authority which it would possess were it the sovereign of the territory to the exclusion of the exercise of sovereign rights by the republic .
1 :: we must work to prepare local communities for biological and chemical emergencies , to support research into vaccines and treatments .
0 :: but this is by no means enough .
1 :: along with nations in the region , we 're insisting that north korea eliminate its nuclear program .
0 :: now let 's be clear -- i did not choose to tackle this issue to get some legislative victory under my belt .
0 :: the world is carefully searched for new varieties of grains , fruits , grasses , vegetables , trees , and shrubs , suitable to various localities in our country ; and marked benefit to our producers has resulted .
0 :: the army .
0 :: instead of help , they brought subjugation .
1 :: there 's a whole bunch of people in this country that in the statistics have health insurance but really what they 've got is a piece of paper that says they wo n't lose their home if they get sick .
0 :: military policy in 1946 the army and navy completed the demobilization of their wartime forces .
1 :: in especial provision should be made for establishing grades equivalent to those of warrant officers in the navy which should be open to the enlisted men who serve sufficiently long and who do their work well .
0 :: the chief justice and two justices of the supreme court , about one-half of the higher judicial positions , and all of the justices of the peach are natives .
1 :: i believe the grant of authority may be promptly and discreetly exercised , ever mindful of the intent and purpose to safeguard american industrial activity , and at the same time prevent the exploitation of the american consumer and keep open the paths of such liberal exchanges as do not endanger our own productivity .
1 :: such a flexible power at the command of the executive would serve to moderate any unfavorable tendencies on the part of those countries from which the importations into the united states are substantially confined to articles on the free list as well as of the countries which find a lucrative market in the united states for their products under existing customs rates .
1 :: our economy , approaching the 400 billion dollar mark , is at an unparalleled level of prosperity .
0 :: the deadline of danger from within and from without is not within our control .
0 :: the public is benefitting from an explosion of competition and new services .
1 :: i propose that we begin a massive attack on crippling and killing diseases .
1 :: i believe that , in spite of these necessary increases , we should strive to finance the 1959 security effort out of expected revenues .
0 :: his crime is a crime against every honest man in the nation , for it is a crime against the whole body politic .
0 :: among the nations of the great western hemisphere the policy of the good neighbor has happily prevailed .
1 :: such a bill is pending in congress and ought to pass .
0 :: through this emancipation from the things that are material , we broaden our dominion over the things that are spiritual .
1 :: nothing we could do to help the developing countries would help them half as much as a booming u.s. economy .
0 :: when i became president , there was just one independent public charter school in all america .
1 :: this is a moment , as the first lady has said , to honor the past and imagine the future .
1 :: the great society asks not how much , but how good ; not only how to create wealth but how to use it ; not only how fast we are going , but where we are headed .
1 :: this year , let us more than double that number .
0 :: and these standards were developed , by the way , not by washington , but by republican and democratic governors throughout the country .
1 :: i said america 's next frontier -- and that 's to develop that frontier .
1 :: but the soviet union must show by deeds as well as words a sincere commitment to respect the rights and sovereignty of the family of nations .
0 :: but at least equally important , we have to address the real reason for the explosion in campaign costs : the high cost of media advertising .
0 :: our federal social security system for people who have worked and contributed to it for all their lives is a vital part of our economic system .
0 :: today , for the first time in fifteen years , master lock 's unionized plant in milwaukee is running at full capacity .
0 :: the goals were worthy .
0 :: although the major responsibility for financing education rests with the states , some assistance has long been given by the federal government .
1 :: we can help them build tomorrow by strengthening our community of shared values .
1 :: the mob which lynches a negro charged with rape will in a little while lynch a white man suspected of crime .
1 :: and special funds for job-creating public programs should be made available for immediate use if recession threatens .
0 :: today , our population has doubled .
0 :: this carries out the desire expressed by the first hague conference itself .
1 :: but we must also improve the lives of children already born in the villages and towns and cities on this earth .
0 :: it must be bipartisan .
0 :: only the public group of three is free to function in unbiased decisions .
1 :: we are being hurried forward , in our mastery of the atom , from one discovery to another , toward yet unforeseeable peaks of destructive power .
1 :: some are older and looking for a better job .
1 :: we must , however , be guided by some basic principles .
1 :: i do not say that a measure for tax reduction and reform is the only way to achieve these goals .
1 :: as part of this program , and to carry forward our progress toward elimination of the large annual postal deficit .
0 :: it is a matter of economic growth , and social health , and vigorous institutions , public and private .
1 :: this program is essential to the continued ability of our local governments to provide essential police , fire and sanitation services .
1 :: we 'll put more americans to work repairing crumbling roads and bridges .
1 :: they prevent the soil from washing , and so protect the storage reservoirs from filling up with silt .
0 :: while the school system of washington perhaps might be bettered in the economy of its management and the distribution of its buildings , its usefulness has nevertheless greatly increased in recent years , and it now offers excellent facilities for primary and secondary education .
0 :: nonessential activities were dropped .
0 :: it cuts 18,000 taxes on products made in america , and supports more good jobs .
1 :: and our mission for the future starts today .
1 :: let us create new opportunities for our children and our young americans who need special help .
0 :: these practices have enabled us to get some of the evidence indispensable in order to secure the conviction of the wealthiest and most formidable criminals with whom the government has to deal , both those operating in violation of the anti-trust law and others .
1 :: i have said that those of us who stayed at home to do the work of organization and supply will always wish that we had been with the men whom we sustained by our labor ; but we can never be ashamed .
0 :: astronomers build a space telescope that can see to the edge of the universe and possibly back to the moment of creation .
0 :: i know it will take time .
1 :: in dealing with this question it is unwise to depart from the old american tradition and to discriminate for or against any man who desires to come here and become a citizen , save on the ground of that man 's fitness for citizenship .
1 :: our own objectives are clear ; the objective of smashing the militarism imposed by war lords upon their enslaved peoples the objective of liberating the subjugated nations -- the objective of establishing and securing freedom of speech , freedom of religion , freedom from want , and freedom from fear everywhere in the world .
0 :: immediately , justin bounded into the booby-trapped building and found kenton in bad shape .
1 :: this national park gives a unique opportunity for commemorating the deeds of those gallant men who fought on water , no less than of those who fought on land , in the great civil war .
0 :: the address was broadcast live on nationwide radio and television .
1 :: and it has a deficit reduction program that will increase the savings available for the private sector to invest , will lower interest rates , will decrease the percentage of the federal budget claimed by interest payments , and decrease the risk of financial market disruptions that could adversely affect our economy .
0 :: this has resulted in the addition of a substantial number of valuable properties to local tax rolls , and a significant monetary return to the government .
1 :: tonight , as so many nights before , the american nation is asked to sacrifice the blood of its children and the fruits of its labor for the love of its freedom .
1 :: certain provisions of law , however , have the effect of compelling action in respect to aliens which are inequitable in some instances and discriminatory in others .
0 :: the threats we face today as americans respect no nation 's borders .
1 :: as i told the speaker this summer , i 'm prepared to make more reforms that rein in the long term costs of medicare and medicaid , and strengthen social security , so long as those programs remain a guarantee of security for seniors .
0 :: let us remember the lessons of 1918 .
1 :: as president , i welcome the advice and cooperation of the house and the senate .
0 :: but the problem is quite as pressing in the interstate waters of the united states .
1 :: we will not deny , we will not ignore , we will not pass along our problems to other congresses , to other presidents , and other generations .
1 :: but , my fellow americans , this can not be my task or any president 's alone .
1 :: at the same time , we 've learned some costly lessons over the last 13 years .
0 :: i dissent .
0 :: right now , three-quarters of the fastest-growing occupations require more than a high school diploma .
0 :: the valuations instituted by the interstate commerce commission 10 years ago have not yet been completed .
0 :: no recurrence of either cause of complaint is apprehended .
1 :: the programme which will be laid before you by the secretary of the navy is similarly conceived .
0 :: it believes that within these limitations , which are imposed not by the fiat of man but by the law of the creator , self-government is just and wise .
1 :: unless otherwise ordered , such surplus is used for the retirement of the war debt .
0 :: when the original farm laws were written , an hour 's farm labor produced only one fourth as much wheat as at present .
1 :: for example , everybody ought to know if this proposal is going to endanger social security .
1 :: tonight i would like just briefly to explain some of my major recommendations in the three main areas of national need .
0 :: i. america has enjoyed 22 months of uninterrupted economic recovery .
0 :: general mccaffrey has earned three purple hearts and two silver stars fighting for this country .
1 :: within the next five years , we 'll make it possible for businesses to deploy the next generation of high-speed wireless coverage to 98 percent of all americans .
1 :: i believe we should also extend the vital provisions of the voting rights act for another 5 years .
0 :: while wholesale prices of other commodities have been declining , farm prices have been increasing .
0 :: this achievement has been made possible by the patriotic voluntary cooperation of businessmen and bankers working with your government .
1 :: in all others difficulties have been adjusted , both management and labor wishing to settle controversies by friendly agreement rather than by compulsion .
1 :: our agenda for jobs and growth must help small-business owners and employees with relief from needless federal regulation and protect them from junk and frivolous lawsuits .
1 :: we are willing , as we have always been , to negotiate honorable settlements with the soviet union .
0 :: america is a stronger nation than it was in 1980 .
1 :: like the hague tribunal , this interparliamentary union is one of the forces tending towards peace among the nations of the earth , and it is entitled to our support .
0 :: mental health one of the most significant health achievements during my administration was the recent passage of the mental health systems act , which grew out of recommendations of my commission on mental health .
1 :: let us create a new international clean technology fund , which will help developing nations like india and china make greater use of clean energy sources .
1 :: but i am convinced that the enactment this year of tax reduction and tax reform overshadows all other domestic problems in this congress .
1 :: if the people are to be dominated by selfishness , seeking immediate riches by nonproductive speculation and by wasteful quarreling over the returns from industry , they will be confronted by the inevitable results of depression and privation .
0 :: i said that they had admitted their failure and had abdicated .
1 :: the new covenant way should shift these resources and decision making from bureaucrats to citizens , injecting choice and competition and individual responsibility into national policy .
0 :: the findings of the board show that in this industry the actual manufacturing cost , aside from the question of the price of materials , is much higher in this country than it is abroad ; that in the making of yarn and cloth the domestic woolen or worsted manufacturer has in general no advantage in the form of superior machinery or more efficient labor to offset the higher wages paid in this country the findings show that the cost of turning wool into yarn in this country is about double that in the leading competing country , and that the cost of turning yarn into cloth is somewhat more than double .
0 :: the mortality for the past year was at the rate of 17.80 per 1,000 of both races ; among the whites it was 14.61 per thousand , and among the blacks 26.12 per thousand .
0 :: while there may have been as much official corruption in former years , there has been more developed and brought to light in the immediate past than in the preceding century of our country 's history .
1 :: to keep our economy growing , we also need reliable supplies of affordable , environmentally responsible energy .
1 :: if we are to do our part in aiding the war-stricken and starving countries some of the food desires of our own people will not be completely satisfied , at least until these nations have had an opportunity to harvest another crop .
1 :: i know that the price of tuition is higher than ever , which is why if you are willing to volunteer in your neighborhood or give back to your community or serve your country , we will make sure that you can afford a higher education .
1 :: something more than tariff protection is required by american agriculture .
0 :: but we also meet at a time when that fiber has been tested , and it has proved strong .
1 :: the workers and the public must have these vital protections .
1 :: keeping america competitive begins with keeping our economy growing , and our economy grows when americans have more of their own money to spend , save , and invest .
0 :: not now .
1 :: to the senate and house of representatives : it is my duty under the constitution to transmit to the congress information on the state of the union and to recommend for its consideration necessary and expedient measures .
1 :: it prevents the promotion of employees in the secret service , and this further discourages good effort .
0 :: basic childcare for jack and henry costs more than their mortgage and almost as much as a year at the university of minnesota .
1 :: we now must put into effect the common defense plans that are being worked out .
0 :: in the summer of that year the tide turned in favor of the allies .
1 :: i shall consult with you from time to time concerning other measures of national importance .
1 :: the department is seeking systematically to strengthen the law enforcement agencies week by week and month by month , not by dramatic displays but by steady pressure ; by removal of negligent officials and by encouragement and assistance to the vigilant .
1 :: but as we speak , china wants to write the rules for the world 's fastest growing region .
1 :: our past adherence to this policy , our constant refusal to maintain a military establishment that could be thought to menace the security of others , our honorable dealings with other nations whether great or small , has left us in the almost constant enjoyment of peace .
1 :: michelle and jill biden have worked with american businesses to secure a pledge of 135,000 jobs for veterans and their families .
0 :: savings certificates .
1 :: state and local governments may spend 400 million dollars .
1 :: our aim is not only to relieve the symptom of poverty , but to cure it and , above all , to prevent it .
0 :: from central america to east asia , ideas like free markets and democratic reforms and human rights are taking hold .
0 :: now that 's real welfare reform .
0 :: the main source of these unexampled blessings lies in the integrity and character of the american people .
1 :: and to spur on more success stories like the allen brothers , we 've begun to reinvent our energy policy .
1 :: we are determined that the export-import bank can allow commercial credits to poland , hungary , bulgaria , and czechoslovakia , as well as to romania and yugoslavia .
1 :: your vote this spring on the peacekeeper missile will be a critical test of our resolve to maintain the strength we need and move toward mutual and verifiable arms reductions .
0 :: the united states is one of 25 countries plus the european economic community who have been helping the government of pakistan to cope with the problem of feeding and sheltering the more than one million refugees that have been generated by the soviet invasion of afghanistan .
1 :: there must soon be a revision of them , because to leave them as they are means to incur liability of business disaster .
1 :: the greatest burden is not running the huge operations of government -- or meeting daily troubles , large and small -- or even working with the congress .
0 :: the department of agriculture has grown into an educational institution with a faculty of two thousand specialists making research into all the sciences of production .
1 :: earlier this month i submitted a budget to defend america and maintain our momentum to make up for neglect in the last decade .
1 :: we got workers and automakers to settle their differences .
1 :: upon this subject the secretary of the navy has submitted detailed and definite recommendations which have received my approval , and which , if enacted into law , will accomplish what is immediately necessary , and will , as compared with existing law , make a saving of more than five millions of dollars during the next seven years .
0 :: let me repeat this , because i know it matters to a lot of you on both sides of the aisle .
1 :: no pressure , political , social , or personal , of any kind , will be permitted to exercise the least effect in any question of promotion or detail ; and if there is reason to believe that such pressure is exercised at the instigation of the officer concerned , it will be held to militate against him .
1 :: our school to work initiative will for the first time link school to the world of work , providing at least one year of apprenticeship beyond high school .
1 :: some may choose forms and ways that we would not choose for ourselves -- but it is not for us that they are choosing .
1 :: in the current fiscal year we are allocating to these purposes an increasing portion of our effort , and in the next fiscal year we shall spend nearly a billion dollars more for them than in 1953 .
0 :: we have outlying territory in the two great oceans and long stretches of seacoast studded with the richest cities in the world .
1 :: perfectionism , no less than isolationism or imperialism or power politics , may obstruct the paths to international peace .
1 :: the organization and armament of the national guard of the several states , which are treated as militia in the appropriations by the congress , should be made identical with those provided for the regular forces .
1 :: they know we had to stop saddam now , not later .
0 :: it is a matter of interest in this connection that in 1800 the population of the district of columbia was 14,093 ; to-day it is 278,718 .
1 :: the consolidation also brings emphasis to the inequalities in service and allowances .
1 :: forest protection is not an end of itself ; it is a means to increase and sustain the resources of our country and the industries which depend upon them .
1 :: the central government is the only power which , without oppression , can nevertheless thoroughly and adequately control and supervise the large corporations .
1 :: some detailed recommendations follow for major agricultural programs .
0 :: the estimates for the present year show that over a billion dollars of expenditures were authorized by the last congress in addition to the amounts shown in the usual compiled statements of appropriations .
1 :: it seemed to me to offer an admirable opportunity to advance the practice of the peaceful settlement of disputes between nations and to secure for the hague tribunal a memorable increase of its practical importance .
1 :: it should be the growing nation with a future which takes the long look ahead . ''
1 :: certain tendencies are , however , fairly clear and recognition of them should serve as background for the consideration of next year 's federal program .
1 :: and we are on track to add another one and a half million jobs to this total by the end of the year .
1 :: if we can not live within our means during such a time of rising prosperity , the hope for fiscal integrity will fade .
1 :: as we recover from the turmoil and violence of recent years , as we learn once again to speak with one another instead of shouting at one another , we are regaining that capacity .
1 :: but most of all we need to continue building our fleet of battle ships , or ships so powerfully armed that they can inflict the maximum of damage upon our opponents , and so well protected that they can suffer a severe hammering in return without fatal impairment of their ability to fight and maneuver .
1 :: we must go on , working with our free associates , building an international structure for military defense , and for economic , social , and political progress .
1 :: the measures i have outlined in this message set an agenda for truly significant progress for this nation and the world in 1974 .
0 :: nato has increased both the number and the readiness of its air , ground , and naval units -- both its nuclear and non-nuclear capabilities .
1 :: we must also protect our global environment , working to ban the worst toxic chemicals and to reduce the greenhouse gases that challenge our health even as they change our climate .
1 :: legislation should be considered for this purpose .
0 :: on november 1 , 1902 , 11,650 rural free-delivery routes had been established and were in operation , covering about one-third of the territory of the united states available for rural free-delivery service .
0 :: this southwest asian region has served as a key strategic and commercial link between east and west over the centuries .
1 :: in all domestic matters , i believe that the people of the united states will expect of us effective action to remedy past failure in meeting critical needs .
0 :: public operation is not a success .
1 :: a dictatorship may command the full strength of a regimented nation .
1 :: in this new era , our freedom and independence are actually enriched , not weakened , by our increasing interdependence with other nations .
1 :: inside the united states , where the war began , we must continue to give our homeland security and law enforcement personnel every tool they need to defend us .
1 :: it shall lead us as we enter the third century of the search for a more perfect union ?
1 :: we have also taken the first steps to protect the privacy of bank and credit card statements and other financial records .
1 :: before we take money away from our schools or scholarships away from our students , we should ask millionaires to give up their tax break .
0 :: it is difficult to have patience with the arguments of these persons .
0 :: as we look back over our history , the years that stand out as the ones of signal achievement are those in which the administration and the congress , whether one party or the other , working together , had the wisdom and the foresight to select those particular initiatives for which the nation was ready and the moment was right -- and in which they seized the moment and acted .
1 :: but i think that you will agree with me that this does not complete the toll of our duty .
1 :: meeting this challenge will take national will , diplomatic and political wisdom , economic sacrifice , and , of course , military capability .
1 :: taking into account the tentative authorizations and expenditures estimated for the fiscal year 1947 , and offsets of 3 billion dollars in war commitments of government corporations , the cumulative authorized war and national defense program on june 30 , 1947 , will be 376 billion dollars ; total expenditures , 354 billion dollars ; and unexpended balances , 22 billion dollars .
0 :: forest reserves are created for two principal purposes .
1 :: they are imperfect in definition , confused and inconsistent in expression ; they omit provision for many articles which , under modern reproductive processes are entitled to protection ; they impose hardships upon the copyright proprietor which are not essential to the fair protection of the public ; they are difficult for the courts to interpret and impossible for the copyright office to administer with satisfaction to the public .
0 :: but we should remember that our country ranks 15th among the nations of the world in its infant mortality rate .
1 :: i am requesting funds to support 260,000 units of section 8 and public housing , maintaining these programs at the level provided by congress in fiscal 1981 .
0 :: the loyalty of the island to the united states is exceedingly gratifying .
0 :: but everyone realizes that when it comes to welfare , government at all levels is not doing the job well .
0 :: today , the inflationary spiral which had raised the cost of living by 36 percent between 1946 and 1952 has all but ceased and the value of the dollar virtually stabilized .
1 :: we ca n't renew our country unless more of us -- i mean all of us -- are willing to join the churches and the other good citizens , people like all the black ministers i 've worked with over the years or the priests and the nuns i met at our lady of help in east los angeles or my good friend tony campolo in philadelphia , unless we 're willing to work with people like that , people who are saving kids , adopting schools , making streets safer .
1 :: the objections to a central bank it seems to me are obviated if the ownership of the reserve association is distributed among all the banks of a country in which banking is free .
1 :: the signing of a new commercial treaty with china , which took place at shanghai on the 8th of october , is a cause for satisfaction .
0 :: coincidently with the entrance of the commission upon its labors i caused to be issued by general macarthur , the military governor of the philippines , on june 21 , 1900 , a proclamation of amnesty in generous terms , of which many of the insurgents took advantage , among them a number of important leaders .
1 :: the principle involved has the cordial sympathy of this government , which in the reversionary negotiations advocated more drastic measures , and i would gladly see its extension , by international agreement , to the restriction of the liquor traffic with all uncivilized peoples , especially in the western pacific .
0 :: this administration has directed constant efforts toward fiscal responsibility .
0 :: we have added about 8 million productive private sector jobs to the economy .
1 :: antiquated practices and bureaucratic ways have been abolished , and a general renovation of departmental methods has been inaugurated .
0 :: the cities have been of course seriously affected , for the streams have gradually ceased to be navigable .
1 :: i propose $ 6 billion in tax cuts , in research and development , to encourage innovation , renewable energy , fuel-efficient cars , energy-efficient homes .
1 :: -- worked with more than 40 governors to form state rural development councils to work in partnership with the white house working group , and the federal agencies , to better deliver state and federal programs to rural areas .
1 :: i want future generations to know that we are a people who see our differences as a great gift , that we 're a people who value the dignity and worth of every citizen : man and woman , young and old , black and white , latino , asian , immigrant , native american , gay , straight , americans with mental illness or physical disability .
0 :: consideration is due to the project of better navigation from the great lakes to the gulf .
1 :: i believe that i have provided all the material that he needs to conclude his investigations and to proceed to prosecute the guilty and to clear the innocent .
0 :: it produced more research and treatment for aids , more childhood immunizations , more support for women 's health research , more affordable college loans for the middle class , a new national service program for those who want to give something back to their country and their communities for higher education , a dramatic increase in high-tech investments to move us from a defense to a domestic high-tech economy .
1 :: the united nations has imposed sanctions on iran and made it clear that the world will not allow the regime in tehran to acquire nuclear weapons .
0 :: but it 's worth it and it 's working .
1 :: i regard as one of the essential factors of a durable adjustment the securement of adequate guarantees for liberty of faith , since insecurity of those natives who may embrace alien creeds is a scarcely less effectual assault upon the rights of foreign worship and teaching than would be the direct invasion thereof .
0 :: the unprecedented emergency measures enacted and policies adopted undoubtedly saved the country from economic disaster .
1 :: they can powerfully help counteract or accentuate such tendencies by their wage and price policies .
0 :: but one thing history tells us is that no great movement goes in the same direction forever .
0 :: toward this objective a real momentum has been developed during this administration 's first year in office .
1 :: when on actual service no work save that directly in the line of such service should be required .
1 :: all loans and grants for public works should be planned and administered in such a way that they are brought into accord with the other elements of the federal program .
0 :: due in part to cutbacks , we have not produced as much since then .
1 :: since volunteering has not produced the number of nurses required , i urge that the selective service act be amended to provide for the induction of nurses into the armed forces .
1 :: let me once again call the attention of the congress to two subjects concerning which i have frequently before communicated with them .
1 :: and countless others turndown better jobs because they know , if they take the better job , they 'll lose their health insurance .
1 :: we need a census that uses modern scientific methods to do that .
1 :: last june trouble which had existed for some time between the republics of salvador , guatemala , and honduras culminated in war -- a war which threatened to be ruinous to the countries involved and very destructive to the commercial interests of americans , mexicans , and other foreigners who are taking an important part in the development of these countries .
0 :: in 1992 the american people demanded that we change .
0 :: and that is nearly five times the current target .
0 :: i do not say that this is the right system .
0 :: home ownership is now advanced to the point where almost three of every five families in our cities , towns , and suburbs own the houses they live in .
1 :: the governor of alaska should be given an ample appropriation wherewith to organize a force to preserve the public peace .
1 :: on the arid prairie lands the effort should be to induce the indians to lead pastoral rather than agricultural lives , and to permit them to settle in villages rather than to force them into isolation .
1 :: there are voices who say that america 's best days have passed , that we 're bound by constraints , threatened by problems , surrounded by troubles which limit our ability to hope .
1 :: our facilities for transportation and communication must be constantly improved to serve better the convenience of the public and to facilitate the sound growth and development of the whole economy .
1 :: and it sustains our efforts to promote settlements of international conflicts .
1 :: the differences in this chamber may be too deep right now to pass a comprehensive plan to fight climate change .
1 :: to the senate and house of representatives : in my annual message to congress , december , 1909 , i stated that under section 2 of the act of august 5 , 1909 , i had appointed a tariff board of three members to cooperate with the state department in the administration of the maximum and minimum clause of that act , to make a glossary or encyclopedia of the existing tariff so as to render its terms intelligible to the ordinary reader , and then to investigate industrial conditions and costs of production at home and abroad with a view to determining to what extent existing tariff rates actually exemplify the protective principle , viz. , that duties should be made adequate , and only adequate , to equalize the difference in cost of production at home and abroad .
1 :: the american people deserve a tax code that helps small businesses spend less time filling out complicated forms , and more time expanding and hiring ; a tax code that ensures billionaires with high-powered accountants ca n't pay a lower rate than their hard-working secretaries ; a tax code that lowers incentives to move jobs overseas , and lowers tax rates for businesses and manufacturers that create jobs right here in america .
1 :: now , these tax proposals will increase opportunity everywhere in the nation .
1 :: when properly developed it will become in large degree a land of homes .
0 :: these events , together with zelaya 's continued exactions , brought him so clearly to the bar of public opinion that he was forced to resign and to take refuge abroad .
1 :: american citizenship should be conferred on the citizens of porto rico .
1 :: the budget bill i vetoed would have reversed this achievement and raised taxes on nearly 8 million of these people .
0 :: how have we handled our national finances ?
1 :: with respect to the territory of alaska , i recommend legislation which shall provide for the appointment by the president of a governor and also of an executive council , the members of which shall during their term of office reside in the territory , and which shall have legislative powers sufficient to enable it to give to the territory local laws adapted to its present growth .
1 :: some central organization in touch with associations and chambers of commerce throughout the country and able to keep purely american interests in closer touch with different phases of commercial affairs would , i believe , be of great value .
1 :: let 's begin this new chapter together , and let 's start the work right now .
0 :: progress in the hoped-for direction has been favorable .
1 :: and to the young people of america , who sometimes feel left out , i ask you tonight to give us the benefit of your talent and energy through a new program called yes , for youth entering service to america .
0 :: i call your attention to the great extravagance in printing and binding government publications , and especially to the fact that altogether too many of these publications are printed .
1 :: we are shutting down four plutonium piles .
0 :: in that wonderful hive of human activity , pittsburg , the deaths due to industrial accidents in 1906 were 919 , all the result of accidents in mills , mines or on railroads .
1 :: defense reorganization the first need is to assure ourselves that military organization facilitates rather than hinders the functioning of the military establishment in maintaining the security of the nation .
0 :: so what does middle class economics require in our time ?
1 :: now , congress must act as well , by passing legislation to give our government a greater capacity to secure our networks and deter attacks .
0 :: the overwhelming majority of the banks , both national and state , which reopened last spring , are in sound condition and have been brought within the protection of federal insurance .
0 :: fortunately , this nation has superb professionals in law enforcement , intelligence , the military , and homeland security .
1 :: we are already making good progress in the constructive use of atomic power .
0 :: the activities of our age in lines of research have reached the tillers of the soil and inspired them with ambition to know more of the principles that govern the forces of nature with which they have to deal .
1 :: and tonight i 'm back to offer you my plans as well .
1 :: they trust us to be fair , and restrained .
1 :: in addition , i shall send to the congress special messages containing detailed recommendations on legislation needed at this session .
1 :: the great scope and complexity of this work , as well as the obligation to lend all proper aid to our expanding commerce , is met by the expansion of the bureau of trade relations as set forth in the estimates for the department of state .
0 :: before the war america was heavily the debtor of the rest of the world and the interest payments she had to make to foreign countries on american securities held abroad , the expenditures of american travelers abroad and the ocean freight charges she had to pay to others , about balanced the value of her pre-war favorable balance of trade .
1 :: nothing would more promote iniquity , nothing would further defer the reign upon earth of peace and righteousness , than for the free and enlightened peoples which , though with much stumbling and many shortcomings , nevertheless strive toward justice , deliberately to render themselves powerless while leaving every despotism and barbarism armed and able to work their wicked will .
1 :: it would seem to be very doubtful , however , whether it is practical to secure affirmative action of the congress , except under a joint agreement of the several states .
0 :: you know , i think everybody in this room , without regard to party , can be proud of the fact that our country was rated as having the world 's most productive economy for the first time in nearly a decade , but we ca n't be proud of the fact that we 're the only wealthy country in the world that has a smaller percentage of the work force and their children with health insurance today than we did 10 years ago -- the last time we were the most productive economy in the world .
1 :: and the greatest difficulty comes at the beginning of the program , when new tools , new plant facilities , new assembly lines , and new ship ways must first be constructed before the actual materiel begins to flow steadily and speedily from them .
1 :: by way of making the country ready to assert some part of its real power promptly and upon a larger scale , should occasion arise , the plan also contemplates supplementing the army by a force of four hundred thousand disciplined citizens , raised in increments of one hundred and thirty-three thousand a year throughout a period of three years .
1 :: we have every desire to help and no desire to injure .
1 :: i ask you to support this initiative so ours will be the generation that finally wins the war against cancer and begins a revolution in our fight against all deadly diseases .
1 :: its rulers saw in the weakened condition of the world not an obligation to assist in the great work of reconstruction , but an opportunity to exploit misery and suffering for the extension of their power .
1 :: chamizal dispute in the interest of the people and city of el paso this government has been assiduous in its efforts to bring to an early settlement the long-standing chamizal dispute with mexico .
1 :: everyone recognizes that general tariff legislation is a congressional function ; but we know that , because of the stupendous task involved in the fashioning and the passing of a general tariff law , it is advisable to provide at times of emergency some flexibility to make the general law adjustable to quickly changing conditions .
0 :: i have worked on this issue for the better part of a decade .
0 :: the american economy is growing stronger .
1 :: at last the public mind is awake to the fact that many diseases , notably tuberculosis , are national scourges .
1 :: so tonight i 'm launching a new precision medicine initiative to bring us closer to curing diseases like cancer and diabetes and to give all of us access to the personalized information we need to keep ourselves and our families healthier .
0 :: we are strong enough so that no one can charge us with weakness if we are slow to anger .
0 :: mr. speaker , mr. president , distinguished members of the congress , honored guests , and fellow citizens : this solemn occasion marks the 196th time that a president of the united states has reported on the state of the union since george washington first did so in 1790 .
1 :: let us look at what these would be : -- first , a department dealing with the concerns of people -- as individuals , as members of a family -- a department focused on human needs .
1 :: our adversaries are encouraged to attempt new adventures while our own ability to monitor events and to influence events short of military action is undermined .
0 :: government finance and administration in january 1953 , the consumer 's dollar was worth only 52 cents in terms of the food , clothing , shelter and other items it would buy compared to 1939 .
0 :: we 're proud of you .
1 :: the opportunities offered for useful research and the spread of useful information in regard to the cultivation of the soil and the breeding of stock and the solution of many of the intricate problems in progressive agriculture have demonstrated the wisdom of establishing that department .
1 :: this necessitates amalgamating the pay officers and also those engaged in the technical work of producing the finished ship .
1 :: but until the soviet union accepts a sound disarmament proposal , and joins in peaceful settlements , we have no choice except to build up our defenses .
1 :: their overarching theme is to provide a doctrinal basis , and the specific program to implement it , that tells the world that no potential adversary of the united states could ever conclude that the fruits of his aggression would be significant or worth the enormous costs of our retaliation .
0 :: i can also understand the wishfulness of those who oversimplify the whole situation by repeating that all we have to do is to mind our own business and keep the nation out of war .
0 :: the structure of industry sometimes requires unions , as a matter of self-preservation , to extend the conflict beyond a particular employer .
1 :: i shall recommend other actions : -- to raise the farmers ' income by establishing a security commodity reserve that will protect the market from price-depressing stocks and protect the consumer from food scarcity .
1 :: tonight , i propose the first ever national effort to reduce class size in the early grades .
0 :: last year , 1961 , despite rising production and demand , consumer prices held almost steady -- and wholesale prices declined .
1 :: we 've made that agreement with canada , and we intend to honor that agreement .
1 :: the corporation has come to stay , just as the trade union has come to stay .
1 :: it 's time to replace the assumptions of the welfare state and help reform the welfare system .
0 :: enforceable safety standards have been established for longshoremen and ship repair workers ; federal safety councils have been increased from 14 to over 100 ; safety awards have been initiated , and a national construction safety program has been developed .
0 :: he supported himself through high school , lost his job during the 2008 recession , and was later hired by staub , where he trained to become a welder .
1 :: the earned benefits that are paid monthly to retired and disabled american workers and their families provide a significant measure of economic protection to millions of people who might otherwise face retirement or possible disability with fear .
1 :: this government desires to preserve the most just and amicable commercial relations with all foreign countries , unmoved by the industrial rivalries necessarily developed in the expansion of international trade .
0 :: but in our scale of values we place freedom first -- our whole national existence and development have been geared to that basic concept and are responsible for the position of free world leadership to which we have succeeded .
0 :: he ran across 25 yards of open terrain through enemy fire to rescue wounded soldiers .
0 :: the very method of their entry indicates their objectionable character , and our law-abiding foreign-born residents suffer in consequence .
1 :: we will conduct a worldwide attack on the problems of hunger and disease and ignorance .
0 :: their condition very largely is fixed by legislation .
0 :: this war is more than a clash of arms .
0 :: twice this month you missed opportunities to stop these practices .
0 :: i had the privilege of visiting senator russell in the hospital just a few days before he died .
0 :: french spoliation claims during the last session of the congress legislation was introduced looking to the payment of the remaining claims generally referred to as the french spoliation claims .
1 :: what the country requires is not so much new policies as a steady continuation of those which are already being crowned with such abundant success .
1 :: we are seeking to arouse a national spirit and not , as under the older colonial theory , to suppress such a spirit .
1 :: i recommend that we make it possible for those nations to continue to obtain war materials in the united states , fitting their orders into our own program .
1 :: we should vastly expand the fight for dean air with a total attack on pollution at its sources , and -- because air , like water , does not respect manmade boundaries -- we should set up `` regional airsheds '' throughout this great land .
0 :: they talked about posterity .
1 :: it ought to provide employment in such forms of production as can be used by the government , though not sold to the public in competition with private business , for all prisoners who can be placed at work , and for which they should receive a reasonable compensation , available for their dependents .
1 :: i ask you to protect infants at the very hour of their birth and end the practice of partial-birth abortion .
0 :: the problems we 're overcoming are not the heritage of one person , party , or even one generation .
1 :: the forthcoming military budget therefore emphasizes modern airpower in the air force , navy and marine corps and increases the emphasis on new weapons , especially those of rapid and destructive striking power .
1 :: this will take pressure off the border and allow law enforcement to concentrate on those who mean us harm .
1 :: there must be no soviet beachhead in central america .
0 :: this is now well recognized by all of our naval experts .
0 :: year after year , americans are burdened by an archaic , incoherent federal tax code .
0 :: nine out of every ten concerns fall into this category , and 45 percent of all workers are employed by them .
1 :: nevertheless , it is essential to improve the methods for reaching agreement between labor and management and to reduce the number of strikes and lockouts .
1 :: finally , the quest for stable peace in the middle east goes on in many capitals tonight .
1 :: we must undertake a cooperative effort to end pollution in several river basins , making additional funds available to help draw the plans and construct the plants that are necessary to make the waters of our entire river systems clean , and make them a source of pleasure and beauty for all of our people .
0 :: the continent was not settled in a single year .
0 :: but it is too small .
0 :: they powerfully affect the use and disposal of the public lands .
0 :: all the investigations that have been made under my direction , and those which have been prosecuted independently , have reached the conclusion that the fleet should be under the direct control of a single executive head , while the shipping board should exercise its judicial and regulatory functions in accordance with its original conception .
1 :: the typical american officer of the best kind need not be a good mathematician ; but he must be able to master himself , to control others , and to show boldness and fertility of resource in every emergency .
0 :: this nation continues to be concerned about its balance-of-payments deficit , which , despite its decline , remains a stubborn and troublesome problem .
1 :: whether those who own the cotton are willing to put a part of their stock into this plan depends on themselves .
1 :: that is the business of the nation , whatever the charity of the nation may require .
1 :: to make the army more attractive to enlisted men , it is absolutely essential to create a service corps , such as exists in nearly every modern army in the world , to do the skilled and unskilled labor , inseparably connected with military administration , which is now exacted , without just compensation , of enlisted men who voluntarily entered the army to do service of an altogether different kind .
0 :: the government of colombia made the treaty , and yet when the colombian congress was called to ratify it the vote against ratification was unanimous .
1 :: in an era where the strategic nuclear forces are in rough equilibrium , the risks of conflict below the nuclear threshold may grow more perilous .
0 :: this doctrine has nothing to do with the commercial relations of any american power , save that it in truth allows each of them to form such as it desires .
1 :: but let us join in keeping the national interest first .
1 :: it appears so far out of proportion to the number of inhabitants and the amount of production as to indicate cause for thorough investigation .
0 :: i am not unique as a president in having worked with a congress controlled by the opposition party -- except that no other president ever did it for quite so long !
0 :: the case is similar in puget sound .
1 :: it will only happen if we can have rational , constructive debates .
1 :: i have urged the need for reform in our transportation and power regulation , in the antitrust laws as applied to our national resource industries , western range conservation , extension of federal aid to child health services , membership in the world court , the ratification of the great lakes-st. lawrence seaway treaty , revision of the bankruptcy acts , revision of federal court procedure , and many other pressing problems .
1 :: this declaration imposes upon the secretary of the treasury the duty of assembling all the estimates of the executive departments , bureaus , and offices , of the expenditures necessary in the ensuing fiscal year , and of making an estimate of the revenues of the government for the same period ; and if a probable deficit is thus shown , it is made the duty of the president to recommend the method by which such deficit can be met .
0 :: otherwise the executive order of one administration is changed by the executive order of another administration , and little real progress is made .
1 :: the opportunity and responsibility of science and technology in the new century , innovations in science and technology will be the key not only to the health of the environment but to miraculous improvements in the quality of our lives and advances in the economy .
1 :: we are in the midst of a great transition -- a transition from narrow nationalism to international partnership ; from the harsh spirit of the cold war to the hopeful spirit of common humanity on a troubled and a threatened planet .
1 :: funds should be provided from current revenues if it is deemed wise -- otherwise from the sale of bonds .
1 :: and the united states senate has a duty as well , to give those nominees a fair hearing and a prompt up-or-down vote on the senate floor .
0 :: it is a pleasure to say that it is hardly more necessary to report as to puerto rico than as to any state or territory within our continental limits .
0 :: lucius wright is a teacher in the jackson , mississippi , public school system .
1 :: let 's put it to work in washington for all the people .
1 :: abroad , the question is whether we have the staying power to fight a very costly war , when the objective is limited and the danger to us is seemingly remote .
0 :: there is no danger of having too many immigrants of the right kind .
1 :: at the same time , we will engage russia to seek further reductions in our nuclear arsenals , and continue leading the global effort to secure nuclear materials that could fall into the wrong hands -- because our ability to influence others depends on our willingness to lead .
1 :: only by so doing can we insure that our citizens will be capable of understanding and sharing the responsibilities of democracy .
0 :: the doctrine of troika is dead .
0 :: in the management of the huge public debt the treasury is unfortunately not free of artificial barriers .
1 :: if we take the right steps in time we can certainly avoid the disastrous excesses of runaway booms and headlong depressions .
0 :: we also established the office of families within the department of health and human services to review government policies and programs that affect families .
1 :: because drought also remains a serious agricultural problem , i shall recommend legislation to strengthen federal disaster assistance programs .
0 :: and today , the flag of the united states flew at half-mast from this capitol and from american installations and ships all over the world , in mourning for senator hubert humphrey .
0 :: i am more than happy to here record the fact that all apprehensions as to the effect of the presence of so large a military force in texas proved groundless ; no disturbances occurred ; the conduct of the troops was exemplary and the public reception and treatment of them was all that could have been desired , and this notwithstanding the presence of a large number of mexican refugees in the border territory .
0 :: when asked what great principle holds our union together , abraham lincoln said : `` something in ( the ) declaration giving liberty , not alone to the people of this country , but hope to the world for all future time . ''
0 :: an interim government was subsequently named pointing toward national presidential elections in 1981 .
1 :: judges of this stamp do lasting harm by their decisions , because they convince poor men in need of protection that the courts of the land are profoundly ignorant of and out of sympathy with their needs , and profoundly indifferent or hostile to any proposed remedy .
1 :: but we are going to strike -- and strike hard .
0 :: raqqa is liberated .
1 :: but i do recommend them to your early adoption with the sincere conviction that there are few measures you could adopt which would more serviceably clear the way for the great policies by which we wish to make good , now and always , our right to lead in enterprises of peace and good will and economic and political freedom .
1 :: ninth , in the 21st century we must expand the frontiers of learning across a lifetime .
0 :: this is still true in this era when improved living standards and rising national requirements are accompanied by swift advances in technology and rapid obsolescence in machines and methods .
0 :: europe and japan , both heavily dependent on imported oil , now struggle to keep their economies in balance .
0 :: more jobs than ever before are held by women , minorities and young people .
1 :: with reference to the internal political affairs of the republic , our obvious concern is in the maintenance of public peace and constitutional order , and the fostering of the general interests created by the actual relations of the two countries , without the manifestation of any preference for the success of either of the political parties .
0 :: the army is a guarantee of the security of our citizens at home ; the navy is a guarantee of the security of our citizens abroad .
0 :: from 1945 to 1949 , the united states was sole possessor of the atomic bomb .
1 :: our bureau of mines ought to be equipped and empowered to render even more effectual service than it renders now in improving the conditions of mine labor and making the mines more economically productive as well as more safe .
1 :: finally , i wish you to examine the question of the patrol of the border and put as many troops on that work as is practicable , and more than are now engaged in it , in order to prevent the use of our borderland for the carrying out of the insurrection .
1 :: we know what that price will be .
0 :: second , i renew my request that the principle of self-government be extended and the right of suffrage granted to the citizens of the district of columbia .
1 :: a considerable sum of money will be available through the regular channels in the department of agriculture for reconstruction of highways .
0 :: that is the biggest percentage increase in nearly 20 years .
0 :: a similar tax was again imposed by the act of july 1 , 1862 ; a minimum sum of one thousand dollars in personal property being excepted from taxation , the tax then becoming progressive according to the remoteness of kin .
0 :: he is dependent on himself for support and therefore entitled to the rewards of his own industry .
1 :: appreciating these enlightened tendencies of modern times , the congress at its last session passed a law providing for the appointment of a commission of five members `` to be appointed by the president of the united states to consider the expediency of utilizing existing international agencies for the purpose of limiting the armaments of the nations of the world by international agreement , and of constituting the combined navies of the world an international force for the preservation of universal peace , and to consider and report upon any other means to diminish the expenditures of government for military purposes and to lessen the probabilities of war . ''
1 :: we can achieve peace only if we maintain our productive energy , our democratic institutions , and our firm belief in individual freedom .
1 :: the gathering of a philippine legislative body and philippine assembly marks a process absolutely new in asia , not only as regards asiatic colonies of european powers but as regards asiatic possessions of other asiatic powers ; and , indeed , always excepting the striking and wonderful example afforded by the great empire of japan , it opens an entirely new departure when compared with anything which has happened among asiatic powers which are their own masters .
1 :: this administration will not relax its efforts to deal forthrightly and vigorously in protection of this government and its citizens against subversion , at the same time fully protecting the constitutional rights of all citizens .
1 :: it is wrong and ultimately self-defeating for a nation of immigrants to permit the kind of abuse of our immigration laws we have seen in recent years , and we must do more to stop it .
1 :: the other is a policy of more recent origin and seeks to shield our wage earners from the disastrous competition of a great influx of foreign peoples .
0 :: we knew that already .
0 :: june 27 , 1853. -- insurrection at bogota , and consequent disturbance on isthmus .
0 :: to remember this is incumbent on every american citizen , and it is of course peculiarly incumbent on every government official , whether of the nation or of the several states .
0 :: the high tide of this german effort was reached two days after christmas .
1 :: taking on gang life will be one part of a broader outreach to at-risk youth , which involves parents and pastors , coaches and community leaders in programs ranging from literacy to sports .
1 :: we fully recognize france 's vital interest in a lasting solution of the german problem and the contribution which she can make in achieving international security .
0 :: our intelligence sources tell us that he has attempted to purchase high-strength aluminum tubes suitable for nuclear weapons production .
0 :: a disturbance among the native tribes of liberia in a portion of the republic during the early part of this year resulted in the sending , under the treaty of 1862 , of an american vessel of war to the disaffected district , and the liberian authorities , assisted by the good offices of the american naval officers , were able to restore order .
1 :: our success in working with other nations to achieve peace depends largely on what we do at home .
1 :: i urge you to pass it in this session of congress .
1 :: i must emphasize that i am not asking to eliminate , to reduce , to freeze these payments .
0 :: yet for too long , for too many children , those skills were never mastered .
0 :: much good has already come from the act reorganizing the army , passed early in the present year .
0 :: and those students in illinois tied for first in the world in science and came in second in math .
0 :: `` old men forget ; yet all shall be forgot , but hell remember with advantages what feats he did that day ! ''
0 :: and the resurgence of democracy is owed to these courageous people on almost every continent who have struggled to take control of their own destiny .
1 :: the united states will be appropriately represented in this conference under the provision therefor already made by congress .
1 :: we have within our reach the promise of renewed america .
1 :: i therefore recommend legislation providing for the appointment by the president of a commission with authority to examine the law and equity procedure of the federal courts of first instance , the law of appeals from those courts to the courts of appeals and to the supreme court , and the costs imposed in such procedure upon the private litigants and upon the public treasury and make recommendation with a view to simplifying and expediting the procedure as far as possible and making it as inexpensive as may be to the litigant of little means .
1 :: he demands the right to live and the right to work amidst sanitary surroundings , both in home and in workshop , surroundings that develop and do not retard his own health and wellbeing ; and the right to provide for his children 's wants in the matter of health and education .
0 :: the convention upon this subject adopted by the conference substantially as proposed by the american delegates is as follows : `` in order to avoid between nations armed conflicts of a purely pecuniary origin arising from contractual debts claimed of the government of one country by the government of another country to be due to its nationals , the signatory powers agree not to have recourse to armed force for the collection of such contractual debts .
0 :: that 's how we forged a trans-pacific partnership to open markets , protect workers and the environment , and advance american leadership in asia .
1 :: because of this hopeful development , i can announce tonight that i have been assured , through my personal contacts with friendly leaders in the middle eastern area , that an urgent meeting will be called in the immediate future to discuss the lifting of the oil embargo .
0 :: they 're rebuilding their infrastructure .
0 :: the forest and water problems are perhaps the most vital internal questions of the united states .
1 :: tonight , as part of our gift to the millennium , i propose a 21st century research fund for pathbreaking scientific inquiry , the largest funding increase in history for the national institutes of health , the national science foundation , and the national cancer institute .
1 :: we are not quitters . ''
0 :: i thank you for that .
0 :: americans ever since have emulated their deeds .
1 :: it would appear to be elementary that the more the government expends the more it must require every producer to contribute out of his production to the public treasury , and the less he will have for his own benefit .
0 :: that is why i have directed my administration to make fixing the injustice of high drug prices one of our top priorities .
0 :: together , we are rediscovering the american way .
1 :: but let us also establish an effective work incentive and an effective work requirement .
0 :: it is well to keep in mind that exactly as the anarchist is the worst enemy of liberty and the reactionary the worst enemy of order , so the men who defend the rights of property have most to fear from the wrongdoers of great wealth , and the men who are championing popular rights have most to fear from the demagogues who in the name of popular rights would do wrong to and oppress honest business men , honest men of wealth ; for the success of either type of wrongdoer necessarily invites a violent reaction against the cause the wrongdoer nominally upholds .
1 :: we must first certainly know what it is that we are seeking to adapt ourselves to .
1 :: and tonight i ask you in the congress to move this year on legislation to protect the unborn .
0 :: in each case , their ambitions of cruelty and murder had no limit .
0 :: such a one-man power could not have been a healthful influence in the republic , even though exercised under the general supervision of an interstate commission .
1 :: i trust that congress will thus signal to the world that our government is striving for equality under law for all our people .
0 :: the quality of american technology , thanks to the american worker , has enabled us to successfully deal with difficult military conditions , and help minimize the loss of life .
0 :: i believe that this pledge has been faithfully kept .
0 :: it has complete control of the men and equipment of its satellites .
1 :: that 's one of the things most of us in this chamber , i hope , can agree on .
1 :: department reports many important subjects which it is impossible even to mention in the short space of an annual message you will find fully discussed in the departmental reports .
1 :: on the way up from the elemental stages of society we have eliminated slavery and serfdom and are now far on the way to the elimination of poverty .
1 :: we will give our young people new hope for jobs and a better life in the 1980 's .
0 :: nigeria is the largest country in black africa and the second largest oil supplier to the united states .
0 :: it is convinced that it will be impossible for the people to provide their own government unless they continue to own their own property .
1 :: some say that the taxpayer should pick up the tab for toxic waste and let polluters who can afford to fix it off the hook .
0 :: that is our honor and our challenge .
1 :: this is a vast undertaking .
1 :: the first meeting of the general assembly of the united nations now in progress in london marks the real beginning of our bold adventure toward the preservation of world peace , to which is bound the dearest hope of men .
0 :: i see america today crossing a threshold , not just because it is our bicentennial but because we have been tested in adversity .
0 :: on may 25 , 1911 , president diaz resigned , senor de la barra was chosen provisional president .
1 :: we need to put aside partisan politics , work together , and get this problem solved .
1 :: i do not favor oppressive measures , but unless money that is borrowed is repaid credit can not be secured in time of necessity , and there exists besides a moral obligation which our country can not ignore and no other country can evade .
0 :: mindful of its treaty relations , and owing to the position of the government of the united states as mediator between the dominican republic and haiti in their boundary dispute , and because of the further fact that the revolutionary activities on the haitian-dominican frontier had become so active as practically to obliterate the line of demarcation that had been heretofore recognized pending the definitive settlement of the boundary in controversy , it was found necessary to indicate to the two island governments a provisional de facto boundary line .
1 :: their conservation and development are vital to the present and future strength of the nation .
1 :: first , if you 're a business that wants to outsource jobs , you should n't get a tax deduction for doing it .
1 :: western hemisphere air mail private enterprise is showing much interest in opening up aviation service to mexico and central and south america .
0 :: eight million adult americans are classified as functionally illiterate .
1 :: because of this plan , there are teachers who can now keep their jobs and educate our kids .
0 :: if all or many of the numerous stockholders , reaching into the thousands , attempt to secure concerted action of the companies with a view to the control of the market , their number is so large that such an attempt could not well be concealed , and its prime movers and all its participants would be at once subject to contempt proceedings and imprisonment of a summary character .
1 :: i am asking the united states congress to pass a real campaign finance reform bill this year .
1 :: of this sum , approximately , $ 8,461,493 will go to the credit of the fund for the reclamation of arid land , making the total of this fund , up to the 30th of june , 1903 , approximately , $ 16,191,836 .
1 :: but until there is such a mutual agreement , we must maintain the strength necessary to deter war .
0 :: in 1963 our gross national product reached the $ 600 billion level -- $ 100 billion higher than when we took office .
1 :: the mississippi waterway system , connecting chicago , kansas city , pittsburgh , and new orleans , will be in full operation during 1933 .
0 :: it is a matter of recognition and relief to our soldiers .
0 :: it 's not a matter of punishing their success .
0 :: as a result of these measures the hoarding withdrawals which had risen to over $ 250,000,000 per week after the british crisis have substantially ceased .
0 :: the problem of labor is also a formidable one with the sugar and tobacco producers in the islands .
0 :: the insect friends and enemies of the farmer are getting attention .
1 :: we will make america the safest big country on earth .
1 :: in view of the still extraordinarily large expenditures in the coming year and continuing inflationary pressures , i am making no recommendation for tax reduction at this time .
1 :: we must also make investments that reward work and support families .
0 :: yet the board is moving rapidly along the lines laid out for it in the act , facilitating the creation by farmers of farmer-owned and farmer-controlled organizations and federating them into central institutions , with a view to increasing the bargaining power of agriculture , preventing and controlling surpluses , and mobilizing the economic power of agriculture .
1 :: it is unquestionably true that our present tax level is very burdensome and , in the interest of long term and continuous economic growth , should be reduced when we prudently can .
1 :: to help working families , we will extend our middle-class tax cuts .
1 :: we do not ask the courts to call non-existent powers into being , but we have a right to expect that conceded powers or those legitimately implied shall be made effective instruments for the common good .
1 :: america can not prevent every conflict or stop every outrage .
0 :: small business is losing ground to growing monopoly .
1 :: point number two is the extension of facilities within the department of labor for assisting collective bargaining .
1 :: an effective national energy plan is essential to increase domestic production of oil and gas , to encourage conservation of our scarce energy resources , to stimulate conversion to more abundant fuels , and to reduce our trade deficit .
0 :: whatever doubt there may have been of their capacity to assume , the status granted to them by the constitution of this union is being rapidly dissipated .
1 :: the second reason for which forest reserves are created is to preserve the timber supply for various classes of wood users .
0 :: after that it was only a scant four months before the commanders of the central empires knew themselves beaten ; and now their very empires are in liquidation !
1 :: one of the most important factors in our continued growth is the construction of more good , up-to-date housing .
0 :: it has increased $ 118,000,000 in the past four years .
1 :: every one of us must confront and condemn racism , anti-semitism , bigotry and hate .
0 :: on july 4 last , on the one hundred and twenty-sixth anniversary of the declaration of our independence , peace and amnesty were promulgated in the philippine islands .
1 :: when we contemplate the inadequacy of to-day it is easy to believe that the next few decades will witness the paralysis of our transportation-using social scheme or a complete reorganization on some new basis .
1 :: for younger workers , the social security system has serious problems that will grow worse with time .
0 :: inflation 's ravages do not end at the water 's edge .
1 :: a plain and unmistakable reassertion of this principle of unified control , which i have always been advised was the intention of the congress to apply , is necessary to increase the efficiency of our merchant fleet .
1 :: we must also strengthen the international monetary system .
1 :: this , of course , would be prohibitory .
1 :: to this end our farm program should enable the farmer to market his varied crops at fair price levels and to improve his standard of living .
0 :: on the whole the finances of the government are most satisfactory .
0 :: the driving force behind our progress is our faith in our democratic institutions .
1 :: we have moved forward to develop the naval petroleum reserves ; to build a 500-million barrel strategic petroleum stockpile ; to phase out unnecessary government allocation and price controls ; to develop a lasting relationship with other oil consuming nations ; to improve the efficiency of energy use through conservation in automobiles , buildings , and industry ; and to expand research on new technology and renewable resources such as wind power , geothermal and solar energy .
1 :: all we want is peace ; and toward this end we wish to be able to secure the same respect for our rights from others which we are eager and anxious to extend to their rights in return , to insure fair treatment to us commercially , and to guarantee the safety of the american people .
0 :: at the same time , we offered convincing evidence of our commitment to arms control in europe by initiating preliminary consultations with the soviet union in geneva on the subject of negotiated limits on long-range theater nuclear forces .
0 :: the congress has already taken steps for the resumption of work on improvement of rivers and harbors and on the construction of new federal-aid highways .
1 :: the most we can do is to make certain that we have the necessary instrumentalities of information constantly at our service so that we may be sure that we know exactly what we are dealing with when we come to act , if it should be necessary to act at all .
1 :: and for good reason : when people come here to fulfill their dreams to study , invent , and contribute to our culture they make our country a more attractive place for businesses to locate and create jobs for everyone .
1 :: we are entering the third century of the pursuit of american union .
0 :: members of the congress , the constitution makes us not rivals for power but partners for progress .
0 :: this statement was approved by a representative gathering of the members of both houses of the congress , including members of the appropriate committees .
0 :: in the darkest of all winters in american history , at valley forge , george washington said : `` we must not , in so great a contest , expect to meet with nothing but sunshine . ''
0 :: the acreage of wheat is too large .
1 :: it must be remembered that a preliminary injunction in a labor case , if granted without adequate proof ( even when authority can be found to support the conclusions of law on which it is founded ) , may often settle the dispute between the parties ; and therefore if improperly granted may do irreparable wrong .
1 :: having recognized in the act of 1962 that we must buy as well as sell , we now expect our trading partners to recognize that we must sell as well as buy .
0 :: sending americans into battle is the most profound decision a president can make .
1 :: i shall speak to you tonight about challenge and opportunity -- and about the commitments that all of us have made together that will , if we carry them out , give america our best chance to achieve the kind of great society that we all want .
1 :: the development of our water resources can not be accomplished overnight .
1 :: removal of this roadblock has high priority in my legislative recommendations .
1 :: that would delay it or derail it , and neither option is acceptable .
0 :: today we can say something we could n't say six years ago .
0 :: every four minutes , another american home or business goes solar ; every panel pounded into place by a worker whose job ca n't be outsourced .
1 :: in line with this policy fall my former recommendations for the reorganization and improvement of the administrative structure of the government , both for immediate executive needs and for the planning of future national needs .
1 :: this should authorize the commission to appoint committees for each proposed group , representing the public and the component roads , with power to negotiate with individual security holders for an exchange of their securities for those of the , consolidation on such terms and conditions as the commission may prescribe for avoiding any confiscation and preserving fair values .
0 :: i 've established an import ceiling for 1980 of 8.2 million barrels a day -- well below the level of foreign oil purchases in 1977 .
1 :: i 'll be asking you for a substantial increase in funds for public jobs for our young people , and i also am recommending that the congress continue the public service employment programs at more than twice the level of a year ago .
0 :: there is another matter which has a direct bearing upon this matter of lynching and of the brutal crime which sometimes calls it forth and at other times merely furnishes the excuse for its existence .
0 :: these achievements completed the full cycle , from idea to enactment and , finally , to a place in the lives of citizens all across this country .
1 :: if the pound rate of postage , which produces the large loss thus entailed , and which was fixed by the congress with the purpose of encouraging the dissemination of public information , were limited to the legitimate newspapers and periodicals actually contemplated by the law , no just exception could be taken .
0 :: there has been demand for depriving courts of the power to issue injunctions in labor disputes .
0 :: that is what our country has always been about .
1 :: we seek only to uphold the principles of international justice which have been embodied in the charter of the united nations .
1 :: when we help ukraine defend its democracy , or colombia resolve a decades-long war , that strengthens the international order we depend upon .
0 :: certainly this is the faith with which our gallant men went into the field and out upon the seas to make sure of victory .
1 :: now , you could say that this is an insurance policy for the future , a remedy that will be at hand if needed but only resorted to if absolutely necessary .
1 :: it is also worthy of consideration that the regulation of rates and services upon the inland waterways should be assigned to such a reorganized board .
1 :: i charge this commission to labor for the full performance of this obligation , which concerns the honor and conscience of their country , in the firm hope that through their labors all the inhabitants of the philippine islands may come to look back with gratitude to the day when god gave victory to american arms at manila and set their land under the sovereignty and the protection of the people of the united states .
0 :: nineteen ninety-eight was the warmest year ever recorded .
0 :: there never has been any other large nation , not even china , which for so long a period has had relatively to its numbers so small a regular army as has ours .
1 :: these obviously require full coordination in their development , production and use .
0 :: the country wants this measure to have the right of way over an others .
0 :: already , our exports are up .
0 :: many of the problems of the peace are upon us even now while the conclusion of the war is still before us .
1 :: let us resolve that we will stop spreading dependency and start spreading opportunity ; that we will stop spreading bondage and start spreading freedom .
0 :: wherever our flag goes the rights of humanity increase .
1 :: of course we can -- if we will .
0 :: the government 's part in labor-management relations is now largely controlled by the terms of the labor-management relations act of 1947 .
0 :: in the past , the minimum wage has been a bipartisan issue and i think it should be again .
1 :: there is no good reason why it should stop immediately upon his graduation .
1 :: but it would be foolish to pretend that these or any programs can not be made more efficient and economical .
1 :: i pledge to the congress to work with you to that end .
0 :: some rural areas continue to lose population , as they have for the past several decades .
0 :: we launched a new task force on legal equity for women and a fifty states project that will examine state laws for discriminatory language .
1 :: and we know that the only way to have real job security in the future , to get a good job with a growing income , is to have real skills and the ability to learn new ones .
1 :: the lives of our citizens across our nation are affected by the outcome of cases pending in our federal courts .
1 :: the first thing to do is to deal with the great corporations engaged in the business of interstate transportation .
1 :: if you 'll help me do that , we can be fair to the providers and to the consumers of health care .
1 :: we should continue to seek equality and justice for each citizen -- before a jury , in seeking a job , in exercising his civil rights .
0 :: our good offices were never more sought and the necessity for our assistance and cooperation was never more universally declared in any time of peace .
0 :: tell them of faith and family .
1 :: we will not reach them all this year .
0 :: much of our prosperity as a nation has been due to the operation of the homestead law .
0 :: following the invitation of the association of land grant colleges and universities , he bureau of education now has under way the survey of agricultural colleges , authorized by congress .
0 :: four hundred thousand fewer young people are using illegal drugs than in the year 2001 .
1 :: the object sought for could be achieved to a measurable degree , as far as those killed or crippled are concerned , by proper employers ' liability laws .
1 :: it was further mutually agreed , in the hope of hastening an end to hostilities , that none of the interested powers would approve the making of loans by its nationals to either side .
1 :: it is also desirable that the authority of the commission should be extended to certain phases of power regulation .
1 :: my job -- our job -- is to solve the problem .
0 :: the great masses of arboreal vegetation on the mountains formerly absorbed the heat of the sun and sent up currents of cool air which brought the moisture-laden clouds lower and forced them to precipitate in rain a part of their burden of water .
0 :: it is true that 6 million men and women have been discharged from the armed forces since may 1945 and more than 5 million have been laid off from war work .
1 :: and we are launching a new initiative that will give us the capacity to respond faster and more effectively to bio-terrorism or an infectious disease a plan that will counter threats at home , and strengthen public health abroad .
0 :: history is no captive of some inevitable force .
0 :: let us , for a moment , strip from our simple purpose the confusion that results from a multiplicity of detail and from millions of written and spoken words .
1 :: but it can not be perfected yet , and therefore there are no other constructive measures the necessity for which i will at this time call your attention to ; but i would be negligent of a very manifest duty were i not to call the attention of the senate to the fact that the proposed convention for safety at sea awaits its confirmation and that the limit fixed in the convention itself for its acceptance is the last day of the present month .
0 :: the science was n't even there yet .
0 :: and you 'll forgive me a special memory -- it 's a million mothers like nelle reagan who never knew a stranger or turned a hungry person away from her kitchen door .
1 :: so long as action and aspiration humbly and earnestly seek favor in the sight of the almighty , there is no end to america 's forward road ; there is no obstacle on it she will not surmount in her march toward a lasting peace in a free and prosperous world .
1 :: it was necessary that the administration of the railways should be taken over by the government so long as the war lasted .
0 :: some of these regimes have been pretty quiet since september the 11th , but we know their true nature .
0 :: international good faith , a sister of democracy , springs from the will of civilized nations of men to respect the rights and liberties of other nations of men .
0 :: chambers of foreign commerce suggested .
0 :: that 's what the affordable care act is all about .
1 :: one of my greatest priorities is to reduce the price of prescription drugs .
0 :: under the constitution the states are jointly charged with the nation in providing for the enforcement of the prohibition amendment .
0 :: it is demanded not merely for commercial but for political and military considerations .
1 :: our educators should , so far as possible , take concerted action toward this end .
1 :: the establishment of the principles regarding labor laid down ill the covenant of the league of nations offers us the way to industrial peace and conciliation .
0 :: too often they only made things worse .
0 :: take a school like bruce randolph in denver .
0 :: most americans would call that common sense .
0 :: on the whole , we have been doing very well .
1 :: moreover , there should be proper factory laws to prevent all abuses in the employment of women and children in the district .
0 :: we also doubled the child tax credit .
0 :: the huge wealth that has been accumulated by a few individuals of recent years , in what has amounted to a social and industrial revolution , has been as regards some of these individuals made possible only by the improper use of the modern corporation .
1 :: recent agreement to increase quotas by fifty percent will ensure the imf has sufficient resources to perform its central role in promoting adjustment and financing payments imbalances .
1 :: they also provided that the regulations which they had determined upon , with a view to the protection and preservation of the seals , should be submitted every five years to new examination , so as to enable both interested governments to consider whether , in the light of past experience , there was occasion for any modification thereof .
1 :: but they can not and must not be righted by the commission of similar wrongs against germany and her allies .
1 :: every colored man should realize that the worst enemy of his race is the negro criminal , and above all the negro criminal who commits the dreadful crime of rape ; and it should be felt as in the highest degree an offense against the whole country , and against the colored race in particular , for a colored man to fail to help the officers of the law in hunting down with all possible earnestness and zeal every such infamous offender .
1 :: our great fighting ships and torpedo boats must be ceaselessly trained and maneuvered in squadrons .
1 :: telegraph and telephone companies engaged in interstate business should be put under the jurisdiction of the interstate commerce commission .
1 :: investment in small business can absorb a large volume of savings that might otherwise not be tapped .
0 :: the 88th and the 89th congresses passed more social and economic legislation than any two single congresses in american history .
0 :: and they erupted in cheers when she finally put on a sticker that read `` i voted . ''
1 :: it should make us humble to think , as we look ahead , how much farther we have to go to accomplish , at home and abroad , the objectives that were set out for us at the founding of this great nation .
0 :: while conditions here are much better than in many other cities , they are far from perfect , and this is due in part to the congestion of criminal cases in the supreme court of the district , resulting in long delays .
1 :: so let 's show the american people that we can do it together .
0 :: by the terms of the treaty of peace the line bounding the ceded philippine group in the southwest failed to include several small islands lying westward of the sulus , which have always been recognized as under spanish control .
1 :: the government has been , and must continue to be , alive to the needs of agriculture .
1 :: expenditures for power transmission and distribution facilities by the bonneville power administration are expected to increase from 12 million dollars in the fiscal year 1946 to 15 million dollars in the next fiscal year .
0 :: in the administration of the government , no problem takes more of the president 's time , year in and year out , than fashioning the budget , and the related problem of managing the public debt .
0 :: or tell it to the 76 percent of insured americans , three out of four whose policies have lifetime limits , and that means they can find themselves without any coverage at all just when they need it the most .
0 :: we can not concede that the proper solution of its problems is special legislation admitting to hawaii a class of laborers denied admission to the other states and territories .
0 :: i am glad to tell you that refinancing in both of these cases is proceeding with good success and in all probability within the financial limits set by the congress .
1 :: minimum wage the goal of building the middle class and shrinking the underclass is also why i believe that you should raise the minimum wage .
1 :: i urge this congress and all americans to join with me in that effort .
1 :: it is unwise from every standpoint , and results only in mischief , to have any executive work done save by the purely executive bodies , under the control of the president ; and each such executive body should be under the immediate supervision of a cabinet minister .
0 :: that is not the way to secure a better settlement of those differences or to secure international machinery which can rectify mistakes which may be made .
1 :: continued control of consumer credit will help to reduce the pressure on prices of durable goods and will also prolong the period during which the backlog demand will be effective .
1 :: in this work , we plan to discharge our duty to the people whom we serve .
0 :: since vj-day the wartime housing shortage has been growing steadily worse and pressure on real estate values has increased .
1 :: the dangers to public health from food adulteration and from many other sources , such as the menace to the physical , mental and moral development of children from child labor , should be met and overcome .
1 :: during the next few months the need for food in the world will be more serious than at any time during the war .
1 :: this will be one of our top priorities in 1979 .
0 :: i renew those recommendations .
1 :: a major , long-term objective , therefore , is to maintain capabilities to deal with , and thereby deter , conventional challenges and crises , particularly in europe .
1 :: there can be no settled conditions leading to increased production and a reduction in the cost of living if labor and capital are to be antagonists instead of partners .
1 :: in our schools , every classroom in america must be connected to the information superhighway , with computers and good software , and well-trained teachers .
1 :: accordingly ( by the legislative , executive , and judicial appropriation act of february 25 , 1903 , 32 stat. , 854 , 904 ) , the congress appropriated , for the purpose of enforcing the various federal trust and interstate-commerce laws , the sum of five hundred thousand dollars , to be expended under the direction of the attorney-general in the employment of special counsel and agents in the department of justice to conduct proceedings and prosecutions under said laws in the courts of the united states .
1 :: it will also be necessary to continue all of the present excise taxes without any reduction and the corporation income taxes at their present rates for another year beyond next april 1st .
0 :: the second is freedom of every person to worship god in his own way -- everywhere in the world .
1 :: i ask you to join with me and do this .
1 :: so rewarding were these visits that their very success became a significant factor in causing the soviet union to wreck the planned summit conference of 1960 .
0 :: we have in the treasury $ 150,000,000 in gold coin as a reserve against the outstanding greenbacks ; and in addition we have a cash balance in the treasury as a general fund of $ 167,152,478.99 , or an increase of $ 26,975,552 over the general fund last year .
1 :: greater attention must be directed to the needs of low-income farm families .
1 :: the essential human needs for our citizens must be given the highest priority .
1 :: meeting this paramount need will be difficult , and will also make it progressively more difficult to attain the 1945 production goals .
1 :: that study has now been substantially completed and the committee has advised the desirability and the necessity of securing much larger undertakings as to service and new construction in future contracts .
0 :: never has there been a more exciting time to be alive , a time of rousing wonder and heroic achievement .
0 :: this is the position as of today .
0 :: we were reminded that we are citizens with obligations to each other , to our country , and to history .
1 :: we have to make it possible for all hard-working families to meet their most important responsibilities .
0 :: at present some districts which need immigrants have none ; and in others , where the population is already congested , immigrants come in such numbers as to depress the conditions of life for those already there .
0 :: the expenditures were $ 152,362,116.70 , an increase of about 9 per cent over the previous year , being thus $ 8,979,492.36 in excess of the current revenue .
0 :: the last hawaiian census , taken in the year 1896 , gives a total population of 109,020 , of which 31,019 were native hawaiians .
0 :: during the past 6 months the net revenue receipts of the federal government have been about 20 billion dollars , almost as much as during the closing 6 months of 1944 when the country was still engaged in all-out warfare .
0 :: in battle the only shots that count are the shots that hit .
1 :: and while we honor the past , let us imagine the future .
0 :: it is no wonder that some people wish that we had never succeeded in splitting the atom .
1 :: pass my proposals for new american schools .
1 :: we will defend our security wherever we are threatened , as we did this summer when we struck at osama bin laden 's network of terror .
1 :: let 's work together to meet these three goals : every eight-year-old must be able to read , every 12-year-old must be able to log on to the internet , every 18-year-old must be able to go to college , and every adult american must be able to keep on learning for a lifetime .
1 :: another function which the interior department has to perform is that of the guardianship of indians .
0 :: we have improved some matters by way of remedial legislation .
1 :: we will press for full compliance with the peace accords that brought an end to american fighting in indochina , including particularly a provision that promised the fullest possible accounting for those americans who are missing in action .
0 :: and one year later , the worst of the storm has passed .
1 :: more money now seems to be available .
1 :: the very critical part of our defense job this year is to keep down inflation .
1 :: we need not shrink from the challenge of the global economy .
1 :: that law will provide these required funds .
1 :: we need new legislation .
1 :: our businesses are more productive and here we have worked to bring the deficit down , to expand trade , to put more police on our streets , to give our citizens more of the tools they need to get an education and to rebuild their own communities .
0 :: tip o'neill liked to call himself `` a man of the house '' and he surely was that .
0 :: this particular criticism is hard to explain to our partners in britain , australia , japan , south korea , the philippines , thailand , italy , spain , poland , denmark , hungary , bulgaria , ukraine , romania , the netherlands , norway , el salvador , and the 17 other countries that have committed troops to iraq .
0 :: these ideals give our cause a power and vitality that russian communism can never command .
0 :: the majority of americans approve of such an amendment , just as they and i approve of an amendment mandating a balanced federal budget .
0 :: those who entertain such sentiments have a perfect right to seek through legal methods for a change .
1 :: the merit system is simply one method of securing honest and efficient administration of the government ; and in the long run the sole justification of any type of government lies in its proving itself both honest and efficient .
0 :: let me begin by saying that we can not ask americans to be better citizens if we are not better servants .
0 :: we 're the nation that put cars in driveways and computers in offices ; the nation of edison and the wright brothers ; of google and facebook .
1 :: i trust it will not be regarded as an issue -- but rather as a task for all of us to study sympathetically , to work out with a constant regard for the attainment of the objective , with fairness to all and with injustice to none .
1 :: now we must rise to a new test of leadership -- ratifying the chemical weapons convention .
0 :: and that word `` freedom '' is the key to the second american revolution that we need to bring about .
0 :: such a waterway would practically mean the extension of our coast line into the very heart of our country .
0 :: and the long-term continuing resolution -- this one was 2 months late , and it 's 1,057 pages long , weighing 14 pounds .
1 :: if begun at once it can be carried through in time appreciably to relieve the congestion of our great freight-carrying lines of railroads .
1 :: and over the next few decades , that number will fall to just 2 workers per beneficiary .
0 :: this is the great secret of our success in competition with the labor of foreign countries .
1 :: in europe we shall endeavor to increase not only the military strength of the north atlantic alliance but also its political cohesion and unity of purpose .
0 :: many of the economies recommended in the budget were presented at the last session of the congress but failed of adoption .
0 :: `` today , '' he said , `` we 're afraid of the simple words like ` goodness ' and ` mercy ' and ` kindness . '' '
1 :: animal products and food products are in a more encouraging position , while cotton , due to the high prices of past years supplemented by ideal weather conditions , has been stimulated to a point of temporary over production .
1 :: we will not be able to have the independence we need to chart the future that we must .
0 :: man-of-war requested for chagres .
1 :: we should level the playing field .
1 :: for the sake of american workers , let 's pass a stimulus package .
1 :: every normal american prays that neither he nor his sons nor his grandsons will be compelled to go through this horror again .
1 :: we will be judged by the dreams and deeds we pass on to our children .
0 :: research shows that one of the best investments we can make in a child 's life is high-quality early education .
1 :: we also hear doubts that democracy is a realistic goal for the greater middle east , where freedom is rare .
1 :: now its efficacy is seen ; now its power is heavy ; now its object is near achievement .
0 :: in 1951 we also moved to strengthen the security of europe by the agreement to bring greece and turkey into the north atlantic treaty .
1 :: the first step in winning the future is encouraging american innovation .
0 :: fourth , explicit approval by the congress of the consideration by the interstate commerce commission of an increase of freight rates to meet such additional expenditures by the railroads as may have been rendered necessary by the adoption of the eight-hour day and which have not been offset by administrative readjustments and economies , should the facts disclosed justify the increase .
0 :: but i am concerned about the integrity of our social security trust fund that enables people -- those retired and those still working who will retire -- to count on this source of retirement income .
0 :: mr. president , mr. speaker , members of the congress : a year ago i reported to this congress that the state of the union was good .
0 :: the designation of an official representative is also receiving consideration .
0 :: every minute spent in irrelevant interbranch wrangling is precious time taken from the intelligent initiation and adoption of coherent policies for our national survival and progress .
0 :: i say to those who make and market cigarettes : every year a million children take up smoking , even though it is against the law .
1 :: i hope that the new administration and the congress will keep up the momentum we have established for effective and responsible change in this area of crucial public concern .
0 :: workman 's compensation act the workman 's compensation act reported by the special commission appointed by congress and the executive , which passed the senate and is now pending in the house , the passage of which i have in previous messages urged upon congress , i venture again to call to its attention .
1 :: so i will issue an executive order that will allow us to go forward , because i refuse to pass this problem on to another generation of americans .
1 :: the united states is engaged today in many international activities directed toward the creation of lasting peaceful relationships among nations .
1 :: the time has nearly passed for international governmental loans and it will take time to develop in this country a market for foreign securities .
0 :: overseas disposal activities have been centralized in the state department to permit this program to be carried on in line with over-all foreign policy .
0 :: in 1992 , we had a roadmap .
0 :: that 's what helps set us apart as a nation .
1 :: and i urge the congress to act on this legislation in 1974 .